Timothy Sackton: Sure right here, Zack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So ready to begin
Timothy Sackton: on a.
Timothy Sackton: We begin mid-morning on a cold and clear
Timothy Sackton: november day high in the mountains. the week
Timothy Sackton: sun shining on a ruined giant's palace.
Timothy Sackton: We're huddled around the sheltered campfire, warming themselves. It's an elf tending the fire. a halfling cleaning and repairing his arrows. a human resting in meditation, and a pair of dwarves, one
Timothy Sackton: heavily armored and tending to a hammer or the other, idly fiddling with a gauntlet some distance from the small camp. A shattered pile of ice marks the spot where only your
Timothy Sackton: short while ago, some kind of ice spirit ice made and was killed by this group.
Timothy Sackton: her heart of solid eyes destroyed
Timothy Sackton: from the lower level of this ruined palace
Timothy Sackton: ominous clouds of darkness below.
Timothy Sackton: out of the tall, giant-sized windows that once cast light
Timothy Sackton: and sun into the rooms below.
Timothy Sackton: The wind blows harshly the gusts, carrying swirling bits of ice and snow. The shattered remains of the Ice Maiden's heart ringing to you.
Timothy Sackton: Her memory is at winter's past.
Timothy Sackton: You see light snow blowing around a man walking alone and struggling to climb the sloven road, really more of a track that zigzags up the side of the mountains towards the High Pass.
Timothy Sackton: His horse is limping, favoring her left side, and the man walks beside her, trying to encourage her up the slope.
Timothy Sackton: Although dressed in a heavy woollen cloak and warm boots, he shivers occasionally looking up in the mountains
Timothy Sackton: the weather isn't a serious threat to him not yet.
Timothy Sackton: but as
Timothy Sackton: you and your memory of the ice made it begin to blow on the ice in your hand. It crackles
Timothy Sackton: hissing and spattering, and the air begins to freeze. A gentle wave in the frozen air, drifts growing and gathering into a storm cloud than a blizzard. The traveler looks with dismay as the weather turns, the snow, picking up
Timothy Sackton: visibility dropping to nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Soon his body will be frozen on the road. and the slithering shadows below will have their fill of his last dreams of despair for his peaceful slide into never ending sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Another memory, another image of a traveler freezing in the mountains. Again and again the year is drifting back until the crackle of the fire shakes You awake. and you look around at your companions, glad to see
Timothy Sackton: living flesh and blood and not frozen corpses
Timothy Sackton: as you shake yourselves
Timothy Sackton: away from back to awareness of the current moment from this memory. Let's start with everybody describing themselves.
Timothy Sackton: Who has to go first
UU Church of Boulder: to wealthy's glamour
UU Church of Boulder: Armor has taken on the appearance of of thick wool and for winter robes.
UU Church of Boulder: even though it must not give any more actual warmth. At at least he's dressed for the location.
UU Church of Boulder: There is an
UU Church of Boulder: used to him. I think that
UU Church of Boulder: you know so often over this last almost year, like his alertness, has been anxious. You know it's always the sense of like what's around the next corner. But
there's something that shifted in that for him. and he's no less alert for the surroundings, but not
UU Church of Boulder: no, not in a worried way, just in a ready sort of a way
Mike Sackton: deal with is banding, tending the fire
Mike Sackton: a common position and and
Mike Sackton: site.
Mike Sackton: But again, like like well be. In a way he seems.
Mike Sackton: or at ease.
Mike Sackton: and in the past, despite the difficulties of the recent events.
Mike Sackton: his silver hairs
Mike Sackton: hold back
Mike Sackton: shoulder length, and sort of pulled back a little bit. and a small feather
Mike Sackton: is in his hair, which you you noticed before.
Mike Sackton: You notice a ring with like a a piece of
Mike Sackton: like. It almost looks like a like a heart like a piece of a stone, or something like not a fine jam, but like a piece of a
of a
Mike Sackton: hearth right reminds you of like a. and as deal with tends to fire, he. He looks down at the ring occasionally
Mike Sackton: as if it gives them some sort of bond memory, or awareness of the his place in the world.
Mike Sackton: and he's he's humming a a
Mike Sackton: softly humming a a elvish tune under his breath, and occasionally muttering some
Mike Sackton: snatch of
Mike Sackton: poetry, trying to remember the various poems that we were reciting to for Offgar.
Mike Sackton: sort of muttering like not sure that he's really in love with this poet, but you know
Mike Sackton: it's it's something to think about, as he sort of tends the the fire
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker, as he often is. is.
Eric Rosenbaum: has been huddled over a a book of runes, either deep in contemplation, or perhaps
Eric Rosenbaum: in sleep, sitting up but
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: at some point. You notice that he's not where he was sitting before, and it
Eric Rosenbaum: you look around, and he's
Eric Rosenbaum: wandered off, as sometimes happens with seeker, but he's
Eric Rosenbaum: so surprisingly that his, his. his hood thrown back in his.
Eric Rosenbaum: the robes a little more open than you might expect
Eric Rosenbaum: under the cold conditions for someone who stepped away from the fire. A. And if you look closely you could see that he's he's actually got us his hand to a nice formation.
Timothy Sackton: You're you're muted.
Kate: No, I'm muted this. This is sitting
Kate: ready.
Kate: aware that you know they are going to be between
Kate: to confrontation. They just had whatever is coming in the shadow, but she seems
Kate: strong that
Kate: as a dwarf of her age she's got a fair amount of
Kate: experience now, and confidence in
Kate: in not just the the strength that her
Kate: magic gauntlets give her
Kate: as she wears them on her hands. But the strength to
Kate: face whatever is coming to serve, whether it's the dwarfan gods or her clan, or all of calgar, as the these may be.
Kate: and she
a
Kate: is
Kate: just thinking
Kate: what will be needed next.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you finish your short rest, if if you didn't do it at the end of last session, go ahead, I think
Timothy Sackton: Looks like everybody already will get dice and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's true.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So what would you like to do?
Mike Sackton: So?
A.
Mike Sackton: Just to remind us what the I mean? The intro was good, but just like what's the I know we went up into the like ice area.
Mike Sackton: but what else is around? Is there like anything that dark shadows are beneath us right
Timothy Sackton: right. So Raulgar's library, which has the
Timothy Sackton: pillar of the book pillar that describes how to rebuild the engine of
Timothy Sackton: of a skieship as well as the
Timothy Sackton: Mall.
Timothy Sackton: you know, almost insignificant. 4 foot tall. No book of his research on
Timothy Sackton: the history of of
Timothy Sackton: Then to start off
Eric Rosenbaum: as well as in theory. The phasing stone
Timothy Sackton: are in the library, which is the lower ground. There used to be upper stories, but they have
Timothy Sackton: vanished in the 1,000 years since the palace was inhabited.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the shadows are coming out of that lower. The shadows are coming out of the lower area.
Mike Sackton: and the upper area there's
Mike Sackton: there's nothing much here. That's what I was just trying to remember is like, I mean, there was this ice
Timothy Sackton: structure i's house
Timothy Sackton: relatively, not
Timothy Sackton: particularly.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't that it was very collaborative. Anything, but there was like ice sculptures around, but they're They're now beginning to
Timothy Sackton: crack and fall. Crumble slightly with the this, you know, winter spirit, whoever this creature was that made this at home
Timothy Sackton: has, you know, now died, been killed?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there remnants of
Eric Rosenbaum: the heart of ice of this creature?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker investigates.
UU Church of Boulder: and i'd love to do a thorough search of the not the heart, but just the area in general. If there's any
Timothy Sackton: other stuff, okay
Kate: paste over giant stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the that roll a reception check
Timothy Sackton: as well be, you know, wanders off to search.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. I'm going to say.
Timothy Sackton: Well, so. So I guess. Actually, let's say this is a nature check.
Timothy Sackton: As you go investigate the I see heart
Eric Rosenbaum: 17. No.
Timothy Sackton: okay. So well be as you search around, so
Timothy Sackton: there is very little of
Timothy Sackton: Craig's presence that you can still detect your You do. I mean you sense. You can see that the layout is
Timothy Sackton: familiar in the sense that you can.
Timothy Sackton: You know you can see where the entrance would be. You can see where the still you know the cables that you the stone benches that you sat at in the dream World version of this palace once were, but they are now split
Timothy Sackton: and cracked. and there's just rubble
Timothy Sackton: in the back.
Timothy Sackton: So so there's stairs that go down. And this is when the shadows, the darkness sort of billows up from these stairs like to set into the library giant size stairs right? So
Timothy Sackton: each step is about 3 feet down. in the sort of towards the back of the palace. That's
Timothy Sackton: i'm almost up against where it's sort of set against the side of the of the mountain itself
Timothy Sackton: is where this ice structure existed. and there is actually very little.
Timothy Sackton: There's very little sign that this was inhabited in any way. Right there's not.
Timothy Sackton: But you know there's not a treasure who are. There's not like a chest, a locked chest, or anything.
Timothy Sackton: What you see is there's a bunch of ice sculptures
Mike Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: the ice. Sculptures look like people.
Timothy Sackton: They They vary.
Timothy Sackton: Some of them seem fairly worn, and look almost just like pillars, but in others you can see the sort of
Timothy Sackton: what they look. What they look like is
Timothy Sackton: like people frozen in carbonate like in star Wars like you can see the sort of relief they're all just pillars, but you can see that in in some. You can see this sort of relief of
Timothy Sackton: the sort of hint of a face. maybe the hint of a hand or
Timothy Sackton: a cloak
Timothy Sackton: that they don't. They don't seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: It's not like it's not like, you know, if you imagine, like a Medusa's garden, or something where there's a bunch of people who are turned to stone. And so you get a bunch of statues that look very like realistic statues. Right these are.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks artistic.
Timothy Sackton: even as well be You're searching over 10 or 15 min here.
Timothy Sackton: like some of them are beginning to melt. And you you all hear this like as one like cracks and splits in 2, so I like those anything inside it. It's just solid ice.
Mike Sackton: Are these magical?
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: so dow with spends the 10 min well seekers
Timothy Sackton: cooking around, and while me is poking around
meditating. And as you're a sort of magic site.
Timothy Sackton: you open your eyes to your magic site, it's not.
Timothy Sackton: No one object is glowing strongly the way you're used to seeing sort of like the way your shield glows, or the way ken those staff close or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: But there's kind of a faint magical aura that just lingers over this entire icy area in the back.
Mike Sackton: like specifically.
Mike Sackton: The back of the place are just. It's lingering on the whole area where the
Timothy Sackton: the whole area where that's the sort of construct and ice sculpture. The whole thing is just like this vaguely magical.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: speaker, as you're poking around at this
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: shattered remains of this icy heart
Timothy Sackton: wet.
Timothy Sackton: So you notice that you notice a couple of of things. One is that
Timothy Sackton: so? There the the the
Timothy Sackton: this was like this like floating ice thing right? That was shooting beams of cold out at you right. So clearly magical.
Timothy Sackton: It cracked and split and crumbled.
Timothy Sackton: and it's the way that it sort of split and crumbled. Is
Timothy Sackton: It's like there's lots of you know. It's not. It's not like, you know. I don't know how to describe this. It's like there was all sorts of different kinds of snow and ice contained in one little sort of pile. There's like
Timothy Sackton: wet snow, and like dry, pottery snow, and, like you know, the sort of
Timothy Sackton: rhyme ice that grows on. You know, that accumulates on trees high in the mountains, and sort of deep blue glacial ice.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you know the the the ice of frozen ponds in the winter.
Timothy Sackton: It it does, it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not. When you look at it. It's not, you know, like a pile of snow. Right? It's there's some
Timothy Sackton: something unnatural about this to you. Some sort of
Timothy Sackton: it contains multitudes, and in some way that's
Timothy Sackton: It's obvious. When you look at it, you know obviously like you poke around a little bit, and like
Timothy Sackton: some of the powdery snow, is like blowing away.
Timothy Sackton: and it leaves behind like this sheer black ice crystal, but then, on the edges of the black ice, it gets
Eric Rosenbaum: deeper and bluer, and turns into sort of like fades into glacial ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it seems to be melting as you watch it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I taste some of it.
Mike Sackton: Interesting choice.
Kate: since Del, with presumably shared the information about the magic or response, Been looking at the stairs, trying to look for signs of danger there, but and she hears there's an unknown magical property of the people.
Kate: both pillars. She wants to ritual cast identify.
Kate: because if it's a creature, it's under a spell or a metrical thing, maybe i'll e spelled out.
Timothy Sackton: So as you
Timothy Sackton: focus on
Timothy Sackton: trying to sort out what this magic is.
Timothy Sackton: I've given your background in.
Timothy Sackton: you know, in sort of constructing things in magical creation. What what this as you after you cast, identify with this
Timothy Sackton: strikes you as is like the lingering aura of something that was
Timothy Sackton: magically created.
Timothy Sackton: and is now
Timothy Sackton: as the magic fades. everything is starting to crumble.
Timothy Sackton: So same it's it's well, it's the same sort of thing like when when a speaker creates
Timothy Sackton: stuff out of nothing right, it's that sort of magical aura
Kate: to satisfy that they aren't magically created race guardians or something respected back the staring at the shadows.
Mike Sackton: Is there? Is there any way to tell if there's anything left, I mean, presumably these were
Mike Sackton: created from the travelers that the
Mike Sackton: ice creature 8 right, or whatever she did to them. Is there any way to tell, if, like.
Mike Sackton: there's anything like, are they they
Mike Sackton: hot to LED? You? Are there souls still floating around like.
Timothy Sackton: and so wanders over in soul sites the ice sculptures. Yeah, Kenza could. So that's a good idea.
Timothy Sackton: But they do not, and he reports to you that
Timothy Sackton: that they don't that there is no soul. There's no auras around them. These aren't. There's no souls here. This is like
Timothy Sackton: this is
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you would call it art exactly. But
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing that I representate. There's nothing there was nothing of these people. This is like a representation, or a or a
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say if it's gloating, or or just acknowledgment, or just a comforting
Timothy Sackton: collection, or what? But there's not? There's no
Timothy Sackton: essence of these frozen people in these melting blocks, of ice.
Kate: and we can't loop their stuff, either. They died someplace else while you're
Eric Rosenbaum: looking in that t while you're looking in that direction you hear over from where seeker is the sound that's halfway between a
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of Edward
Eric Rosenbaum: choking sound and a chuckle like he's just
Eric Rosenbaum: compulsively scooping up
Eric Rosenbaum: these strange magical shards of ice and chewing on them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So run over and knock the stuff out of your hand. That doesn't seem right.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I need that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry we'll be I.
Eric Rosenbaum: It. It is very, very, very tasty. Actually, I noticed. Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: With himself a little bit.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: speaker is like super magical. Every part of Seeker's lows and magic is. This is the snow magical that he's eating. I think it is. It's the same as the whole rest. It's like all the ice, including this looks the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I notice that the others are off investigating some important issue, and so I will
Eric Rosenbaum: purposefully stroll over. Now, do any of these
Eric Rosenbaum: ice sculptures of They're all humanoids. There anything
Eric Rosenbaum: protrusions like a limb, or a
Eric Rosenbaum: nose or finger or foot kind of sticking out of the ice.
Timothy Sackton: There is, there is one like the most. The one that seems the most recent
Timothy Sackton: has
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: It's like a a person sort of like crouching down with their with their cloak over over their shoulders, sort of huddled, and, like the top of their head, is kind of protruding out a little bit from this
Timothy Sackton: sort of blocks. These are all I sort of like these
Eric Rosenbaum: square pillars that are just kind of standing that have.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's almost sort of modern already right.
Timothy Sackton: They have sort of etchings in them.
Timothy Sackton: but some of them do have some 3D relief.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: reach up to where the like. If there's a a bit of the hood of the cloaks sticking out, and see if I can
Eric Rosenbaum: just find anything metallic on me. Maybe a dagger or something, and and just kind of hold it against the ice and just tap it with my palm. Try to crack off a little piece of it.
Timothy Sackton: But it's yeah, I mean. The ice is all now becoming soft, and
Timothy Sackton: and it's very fragile as the magic dissipates, and so it's easy to so easy to crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are you? What are you doing, seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a second, and I turn away
Eric Rosenbaum: with the ice near my face.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: no, no, no! Delaware will come over speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, what what is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Who was the matter
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: I don't think this?
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: I I don't think this is healthy for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the contrary, it. It feels great to me.
Mike Sackton: Come out to the fire here. Come.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: They also like, Take your arm and like, drag you back out of the ice area. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: surprisingly comfortable
Eric Rosenbaum: temperature up here, you'd think, with all this ice around and the storm's going, that it it would be chilly. But it's. I'm very happy here. Actually, i'm no noticing. Do you feel that way, too?
Kate: No, no, no secrets because you ate a bunch of magic ice?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it oh, No, I ate the magic ice because it's delicious. Actually, I recommend trying it. And it's wonderful stuff. Unique flavor of the
Eric Rosenbaum: the upper atmosphere really is what I was getting so delicious, fine crystallization, cold and lifeless
Eric Rosenbaum: and lifeless.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean that's a little bit of a harsh way to put it. When you say it's it's majestic, really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come where it's
Mike Sackton: warm. Here, seeker
Timothy Sackton: that wasn't like. Sit you down by the
Eric Rosenbaum: by the campfire. All right, Elf. All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know that's that's a what what one might expect.
UU Church of Boulder: But who
that?
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Mike Sackton: Oh, I have your best interests at heart. Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I appreciate that. You know we're we're all in this together, but i'm I'm having the past, but always been the one to just, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: noticed a surprising angle on the situation. I think i'm really onto something here.
Kate: I fear it would be a distraction from the challenges we face. Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean? We're all, and we're just investigating the situation here.
Eric Rosenbaum: as I was just doing, as always.
Kate: Soon we will turn our attention to going downstairs into the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: We do, after all, have to find off cars.
Mike Sackton: Library.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed we do.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh.
UU Church of Boulder: met again. Should we wait for Kong before heading down, or should we?
Timothy Sackton: So? I don't know that there's more to do in this. Yeah, yeah, I think I don't think we need to wait. I mean. he said. When did he text
Mike Sackton: like 45 min ago.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I there's
Timothy Sackton: There's not You're not gonna there's plenty to happen that I think he can
Timothy Sackton: joining for
Eric Rosenbaum: picking up the keys to the flying
Eric Rosenbaum: that so we're. Yeah, yeah, I I I don't think we should delay things on his account.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that seems wise.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: the stairs themselves, like the first
Timothy Sackton: 2 or 3 stairs. So going down, maybe 6 to 10 feet, are you know our so there's mid-morning right? So you've got the sun shining.
Timothy Sackton: but going further down than that, and the stairs must go down. I mean, Crossgars said this pillar was 50 feet tall, so the stairs must go down at 50 feet
Timothy Sackton: beyond the first 10 feet or so. It's just pitch blackness, like even the like rizman with dark vision, cannot see beyond the first 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: A.
UU Church of Boulder: How about the the drift loads?
UU Church of Boulder: Does the spread the light into that darkness?
Timothy Sackton: Light to light
Timothy Sackton: goes out?
Mike Sackton: Is it magical darkness?
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
UU Church of Boulder: Can I activate the daylight spell in the drift, but
Timothy Sackton: you can. It's
Timothy Sackton: so you well be, speaks the command word as you're sort of standing around the top of this.
Timothy Sackton: There you're used to when you activate this daylight spell. This like brilliant layer like the sun is shining in your face.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is maybe giving off dim light for 50 feet like a week campfire. but it's not completely extinguished by the dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange
UU Church of Boulder: into the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should be careful about this. I suppose
Timothy Sackton: it it is dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: So there's clearly magic here. But this isn't
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: it's not like the darkness spell right like it's not
Mike Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: obvious
Timothy Sackton: just from detect magic exactly what's going on, but obviously it is magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dispel magical darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would use clairvoyance if I thought I could see anything down there, but I think I would just see darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think this
Mike Sackton: small amount of dark of
Mike Sackton: white will have to do. I think
UU Church of Boulder: I think Kenzo has Griff well, but also so.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's a little more
Eric Rosenbaum: right in the front one in the back. So you've got sort of
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet of dim light.
Eric Rosenbaum: sometimes hard for me to know when we're in a dispel magic situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: This effect
Eric Rosenbaum: is a magical effect.
Timothy Sackton: right? So I mean, seekers are pretty experienced.
Timothy Sackton: Balcaster, at this point with a plus bazillion arkana.
Timothy Sackton: This this does not feel like the sort of thing that you could
Eric Rosenbaum: discount. I mean, it's not here.
Timothy Sackton: It's not. It's not the effect of a spell.
Timothy Sackton: It's something else.
Kate: So either we'll get lucky. We'll find what we need before we disrupt whatever is causing this.
Kate: and we'll get out of here. or we'll find whatever is causing this, and then we'll have to address that.
UU Church of Boulder: We're all in the darkness.
Mike Sackton: It would sound like the 3 choices.
Kate: I feel good about those choices.
Kate: Let's just not jump to plan. C:
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So what order you're going downstairs with the dim light of the drift globes. Yes. who is going first
UU Church of Boulder: like it probably makes sense for a while to go first just from a seeing what's there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think that probably does make sense, so you can go right behind him. Seeker will go last. Okay?
Mike Sackton: Well, why Doesn't secret? Go in the middle. Kenza will take up Kenza and Deleth will take up the rear
Eric Rosenbaum: and well be in the front.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: this usually this kind of thing is straightforward and secret does go in the middle. But but this time he's he! He keeps sort of turning back like distracted
Eric Rosenbaum: the see.
Eric Rosenbaum: sniffing the wind.
UU Church of Boulder: See no more magic ice
Eric Rosenbaum: so good
Timothy Sackton: as you begin to descend
Timothy Sackton: you, you you travel down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: This is basically of involving jumping
for many of you down each step
Timothy Sackton: as the steps. The staff tread is about the same size as well. Be
Eric Rosenbaum: keeping your ears open in a in a keen
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: I as best you can on the the sort of 15 or 20 feet in front of you that you can see. It is. It is very quiet
Timothy Sackton: there. Doesn't seem to be anything stirring except coming from the far side of the room. Well be you here.
Timothy Sackton: What sounds like a
Timothy Sackton: almost like a hissing noise, like like air leaking out of a balloon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm a as I creep in the back of the back. down the stairs. I hold the ladder out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like we're going to need a ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are big things here. None of us is tough enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I animate the ladder. Now
Mike Sackton: i'll take my sort out.
Mike Sackton: I assume it's not going.
Timothy Sackton: Why wouldn't make it cloud the presence of fiends? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: just making sure
UU Church of Boulder: i'm going to sort of set our course towards that hissing noise.
Timothy Sackton: So as you begin sort of creeping across the more of the library. 2 things one is.
Timothy Sackton: you can see these like, there's these pillars sort of looming that appear in the shadows around you. There seems to be more than one of them. and each pillar has
Timothy Sackton: ruins and giant carved. Going up
Timothy Sackton: the pillar. ascending way into the darkness above your head that you can't see. and these seem to be
Timothy Sackton: intact. Like all of
Timothy Sackton: you. You pass
Timothy Sackton: 4 pillars as you sort of creep across the room, all of which seem to be
Timothy Sackton: on undamaged
Timothy Sackton: Largely best, you can tell.
Timothy Sackton: There is some like rubble and stuff scattered across.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Occasionally you'll see what it looks like. The cracked remains of some giant-sized bookshelf just
Timothy Sackton: cracked in half and sort of scattered around there's
Timothy Sackton: you know the occasional bit of stone or ice, or sort of blowing snow, and you can feel not really see. But you can feel
Timothy Sackton: sort of open space on your right as you begin creeping across where there are these large windows
Timothy Sackton: that are just dark, filled with darkness. You can't see out of them right now, but you can almost
Timothy Sackton: deal the fact that whether or not the darkness here, there would be sunlight streaming into this library, and it would be a very pretty and well-lit place, despite being technically okay.
Timothy Sackton: you begin making your way across. And and now all of you can hear this hissing. Noise.
Eric Rosenbaum: I claim on the letter, and we're hovering.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be coming from
Timothy Sackton: what you can now see. About 30 feet from 20 feet from the far back wall.
Timothy Sackton: a door
Timothy Sackton: a closed door.
Timothy Sackton: a human-sized door.
Mike Sackton: a closed human size store. Is that what you said?
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: that's you can actually
Timothy Sackton: the darkness itself seems almost to be leaking out of this door
Timothy Sackton: like this little tendrils of of darkness that are
Timothy Sackton: creeping out from around the edges of the door frame, and underneath the clothes door.
UU Church of Boulder: Is that the directly original to the structure?
It seems like an unusual thing for a giants library.
Timothy Sackton: So well be as you're looking at it. What it looks
Timothy Sackton: more than anything else
Timothy Sackton: to you is like the
Timothy Sackton: the the door on like the that sort of goes down on a ship like when there's the fork. I forget what it's called right like. There's the big structures on the front in the back, right, just like a almost like a a
Timothy Sackton: ship store. It has that sort of almost like halfling
Timothy Sackton: design.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh!
Timothy Sackton: To you, seeker
Timothy Sackton: it looks dwarven. Heavy Stone
Timothy Sackton: reminds you actually of your home, of of Darakon, of the sort of
Timothy Sackton: the sort of thing your parents might have designed. Like a like the
Timothy Sackton: door of a
Timothy Sackton: a man or house in
Eric Rosenbaum: your the dwarven city you grew up in
Eric Rosenbaum: classic stone architecture.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: deal with as you get close enough from the back and look at it. It's
Timothy Sackton: made of smooth, polished wood.
Timothy Sackton: elaborate
Timothy Sackton: designs etched into it.
Timothy Sackton: reminding you of your home that you haven't thought of in some time.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody is standing around the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is my secret inches in towards it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there an obvious way to open it?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, there's a
Timothy Sackton: doesn't appear to be locked. There's a hand off. It looks like it could just swing open at a touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can I?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll I'll drop. Come down from the ladder and ask it to pull the door up and let's. Perhaps we should stand back.
Timothy Sackton: The latter opens the door.
Timothy Sackton: It swings open
Timothy Sackton: as the latter
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: pulls it, it rocks around it and pulls it, and there is just a long
Timothy Sackton: corridor leading into the mountain.
Timothy Sackton: and as it's opened
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: there's a as it swings open, there's like
Timothy Sackton: almost like this flow of darkness that
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: races over you like the wind. but the corridor itself is actually brighter
Timothy Sackton: like it's dim. Light. Your drift globes don't seem to illuminate it at all. but it's much less dark than the darkness of the library.
Mike Sackton: Can. Does dark vision work here?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: Should we clear the library before we go into the hall. Can you do a just a circuit through that room to
UU Church of Boulder: understand sort of its size and topography?
Timothy Sackton: This? Yeah. So in
Eric Rosenbaum: something not quite add up here like in terms of what Roger told us versus what we're seeing.
UU Church of Boulder: We we we we heard from the Ice person. There's like some nightmare person who lives here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: her bosses, was it? What was it? Kurome? Corona?
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't, I mean, this doesn't. This is not consistent with Praggar's description. Right? Raulgar didn't describe any sort of door or corridor? He just there was the library
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems sensible. Then we we should investigate
Eric Rosenbaum: the library first.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you you, I there's enough dim light from the from the
Timothy Sackton: drift globes that you can sort of map out the space.
Timothy Sackton: The whole library itself is, maybe.
you know, a 100 foot by 100 foot square. Roughly.
Timothy Sackton: you cannot see the ceiling. It goes up beyond the light of the drift globes.
Timothy Sackton: There are 12 pillars in total.
Timothy Sackton: all with runs on them.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's quite difficult to like search through the rump. I mean. There's some areas that have more rubble piled up.
Timothy Sackton: There's one place where you see, like a bunch of shattered glass sprayed across the floor that looks like some massive stained glass window was destroyed
Timothy Sackton: at. But there is another place where there is like a the wreckage of like a table and chairs.
Mike Sackton: Not a ton of books. Before we spend the time investigating. This Delta is gonna over by the door
Mike Sackton: is going to.
Mike Sackton: I just got to walk up something
disc.
Mike Sackton: He's
Mike Sackton: he's going to mutter a short prior to Koni sati.
Mike Sackton: and like a gray moth.
Mike Sackton: will appear above his hand basically like
Mike Sackton: decent size moth right like I don't know a foot across or bigger.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they
Mike Sackton: yeah, and he'll whisper to he'll tell it to go down the quarter.
Mike Sackton: or
Mike Sackton: you know, for 10 min, or until it gets to the end and then come back.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it. You watch as it flies into the quarter, and it seems to
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: shimmer slightly somehow, as if it's passing through some sort of
Timothy Sackton: does it? Is it still visible on the other side in in pane of glass? And then.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can only see 60 feet, it shortly vanishes into the dirt. Okay, but I mean it's not like it
Timothy Sackton: disappears when it goes through. No, no, no, it doesn't disappear when it goes through.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there are
Timothy Sackton: 12 pillars, are these
Mike Sackton: How they? I'll climb up. One
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers gonna choose another and sort of spiral up it on the ladder.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: there, I mean, they're intact up to the ceiling. As far as you can tell
secret to secret secret isn't.
Timothy Sackton: No giant, do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so. The runes are all written in giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're They're dense.
Timothy Sackton: They're densely sort of scribbled and carved. And
Mike Sackton: what are they talking about?
Timothy Sackton: I mean climbing up, partly just to read it.
Timothy Sackton: So the one that you've happened to pick
Timothy Sackton: is not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not about skieships or or phasing stones.
Timothy Sackton: It It is about
Timothy Sackton: the history of
Timothy Sackton: dwarf giant relations, but it's it's sort of it's. It's a myth. It's. It's like a mix of history, and myth
Timothy Sackton: about
Timothy Sackton: both the giants teaching the dwarves about Runic magic, but then also
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: consequences that flowed from that in the perspective of the person who wrote this.
Timothy Sackton: but with good and ill.
Timothy Sackton: and the sort of continuing.
Timothy Sackton: at least from this, at least according to this giant, the sort of continuing
Timothy Sackton: greed and
Timothy Sackton: insistence of the dwarves on constantly more
Timothy Sackton: knowledge and power.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
UU Church of Boulder: okay. The other tracks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Seems reasonable. Yeah, how close to these pillars
Timothy Sackton: to each other? I mean, there's there's 12 total, and they're evenly space throughout this 100 foot by 100 foot square. So they're not. I mean they're not that far apart, but they're not super close, either. Right? So that would be.
Timothy Sackton: you know. It's like a 3 by 4 grid. So you've got roughly. you know. 20 feet between 2030 feet between them.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, we' at the top
Timothy Sackton: a roof.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: the very end, I mean, the writing doesn't go all the way to the top goes. It goes about
Timothy Sackton: 35, 40 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: maybe 40 feet up.
Eric Rosenbaum: like the reasonable.
Eric Rosenbaum: highest height that you have from John.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yes.
Timothy Sackton: But this room seems empty other than the shadows.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then table and chairs. You mentioned
Eric Rosenbaum: our giants sized.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean, everything in here certainly looks like this place Hasn't been
Timothy Sackton: sort of tended to and maintained for a very long time. Right? So
Timothy Sackton: you know, nothing is other than these pillars would seem like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, either through craft or magic, or
Timothy Sackton: some other
Timothy Sackton: power. They have been kept from damage. I mean their pillars themselves Aren't. Really magical, but you know, perhaps
the giant skill and
Mike Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: constructing or protecting them, or something has made them withstand
Timothy Sackton: the the
Timothy Sackton: the time
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Mike Sackton: I would like to
Mike Sackton: sort of get a sense of what some of the other ones say. Right? I'll just like jump, you know.
Mike Sackton: Come down
Mike Sackton: and look at another one.
Timothy Sackton: How much time do you want to spend doing this well
Mike Sackton: 20 min until the until the moth is either do back or missing.
Mike Sackton: I think. Great. I mean, do you guys think we should do something different.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know. I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're using up the latter time. But that's inevitable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: right. The moth has an hour to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we don't have to do it. I just figure
Mike Sackton: 20 min. Seems like a reasonable amount of time to
Kate: Yeah, I think it's reasonable, and plus we care about learning how to operate skyships.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, do any of these pillars talk about?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's. I mean, you. You find the one that Allgar described. That that's very technical.
Timothy Sackton: It it doesn't it doesn't make a ton of sense
Timothy Sackton: to you. Deal with, and it's always talking a minute.
Timothy Sackton: It's very. It has this very sort of dry technical language that's
Timothy Sackton: describing the exact arrangement of different bores that need to be in place in order to create the correct channel
Timothy Sackton: for phasing energy.
Timothy Sackton: and it, and it keeps talking about about
Timothy Sackton: the different. So there is. So what you gather from this is that there's different kinds of phasing stones that are 2 to different
Timothy Sackton: extra planner forces. So some sky ships fly because they have a phasing still in a tune to the elemental plane of air.
Timothy Sackton: Some fly, because that's how I described it. But phasing stone attuned to the dream world and let you imagine new physics.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Rather seem to fly because they have a phasing stone that tuned to the plane of
Timothy Sackton: earth, and they just make earth
Timothy Sackton: float.
Timothy Sackton: and it's describing the very like the different
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: essentially the different, like tuning arrangements or the different.
Timothy Sackton: It's like the the mechanism that you construct to channel. The phasing energy needs to be in tune with the correct plane that you're facing stone. It's tuned to, and there's a lot of technical
Timothy Sackton: detail about how to do that
Mike Sackton: right, but it certainly seems like it would be possible to
Timothy Sackton: it would take some study right
Mike Sackton: sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now you've got
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers sitting cross-legged on the floating ladder, scribbling a little notebook, trying to transcribe has dealt with, narrates the translation. making little diagrams as he. Yeah, basically
UU Church of Boulder: Well, you'll say to Kenza, hey, Tensor, do you still have that dream bowl where you can see other people's, dreams.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, dreamball
UU Church of Boulder: Seems like it might be relevant if. say it's a nightmare world on the other side of that. a quarter.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: help us figure out whether we're
awake or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Kenzo stays here when we go in there, and then he looks at our dreams with bowl.
UU Church of Boulder: Do you.
UU Church of Boulder: you guys hear the the voice from down the hall now.
Mike Sackton: now
Eric Rosenbaum: of what are you? How do you know? What are you hearing it's asking if we're coming for it
Kate: like in a nice way.
Kate: will the tone
UU Church of Boulder: he he here's what he has to say.
UU Church of Boulder: If we want it, we have to go into its dreams and get it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want. What though do we want it
Mike Sackton: mean?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is it the facing stone?
Kate: It might be because it's not here in the room.
Mike Sackton: The phasing. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. What if the I so Queen say about the
Eric Rosenbaum: something down here? It's crucial part of the story. I'm missing.
Timothy Sackton: She she just said.
Timothy Sackton: Karami Karomi's nightmare realm is of no concern to her.
Timothy Sackton: but he
Timothy Sackton: implication from her
Timothy Sackton: what what you were supposed to get, but was maybe too subtle from the visions in the intro, is that
Timothy Sackton: this nightmare creature, whatever it was, sort of a parasite on. are freezing people.
Timothy Sackton: The slithering shadows that creep out from
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: the slithering shadows below will have their fill of his last dreams.
Timothy Sackton: but she she didn't say anything I mean. She was just like whatever I don't care about Corona and his nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: they are of no concern to me. But if you want to go down there, Who am I to stop you?
Kate: So Possibly there's some sort of preacher that harvests people's, dreams, and nightmares.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Kate: our entity that harvest people's, dreams, and nightmares. and either because the phasing soon has some sort of of that vibe, it sort of connected with the phasing zone and took it, or it's just
Kate: coincidentally down there.
Kate: But
Kate: if the facing stone isn't here, with our nice set of library pillars.
Kate: it's a little, I mean, unless even if the giant
Kate: notebook.
Kate: a 4 foot tall. Tiny notebook is in here. It's still.
Kate: I'll move without the facing stone. So we have to go
Kate: into Kurumi's nightmare hallway.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, using my arcana knowledge. Does it seem more likely that the phasing stone itself is this creature, or that some creature is using it?
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: don't know much about phasing stones in general.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Certainly there are.
Timothy Sackton: I think you could tell yourself a story either way, right, you know. There are certainly examples of extension magic items that talk to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. Yeah, that's there.
Timothy Sackton: There are also.
Timothy Sackton: If the phasing stone is
Timothy Sackton: somehow connected to the dream world, then it might be
Timothy Sackton: used by some nightmare creature to amplify its powers.
That seems also plausible
Eric Rosenbaum: in my Faye adventure. The wild magic trouble was caused by a creature that ate part of the facing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that true?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: it was a
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that thing? I fear, what that was called? There was a a zorn. It was an elemental that eats gems.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And that calls all sorts of trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I bet something
Eric Rosenbaum: I bet something is using or has
Eric Rosenbaum: ingested or is
Eric Rosenbaum: toying with the facing stone in some way
Eric Rosenbaum: because it eats dreams. Would it dream-powered phasing stone be hungry for dreams?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody knows.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Kate: based on the fact that we want to be able to separate the badness that eats dreams from the thing we want to keep with us. I'm. Hoping that it's a creature that's
Kate: co-opting the facing stone, and we can get it away from it.
Kate: So try
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. have we read all of the pillars. Now
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it would take you a long time to read all of the pillars. You sort of skin them. Yeah.
you know. They're they're They're a mix of sort of technical treatise.
Timothy Sackton: primarily about sky ships sort of history and lore. mostly about giants and dwarves in stoneboard, not so much about humans
Timothy Sackton: and and
Timothy Sackton: sort of geological and meteorological treat disease.
Eric Rosenbaum: Silly question! What what are stoneborn? How do they relate to the other?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean they're one of the elder races like halflings and dorms and
Timothy Sackton: and lizard folk
Eric Rosenbaum: so like small giants oxymoronically, that's true, or there's something else.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I guess they're kind of they're not necessary. So so
Timothy Sackton: Stone, born in both stoneborn and dwarves, are sort of associated with like
Timothy Sackton: crafting and
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: you know. artists and skills and things. Stoneborn stone barn are more.
Timothy Sackton: Not necessarily the you know dwarfs. I guess you you often think of as sort of practical right there, like skilled in masonry. And
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Stone born are are more
Timothy Sackton: like, you know. There might be some like amazingly good calligraph who had spent a 100 years practicing how to write the perfect, you know.
Timothy Sackton: alphabet or something. They're more. They're more
Timothy Sackton: after a mastery for the sake of mastery, right? But these are both sort of aspects of of giants, in a sense that they
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
Timothy Sackton: although they're not directly connected, I mean metaphysically
Timothy Sackton: the outer races.
Timothy Sackton: the giants and the dragons and the
Timothy Sackton: and the Fay and the elementals were all like
Timothy Sackton: metaphysically distinct from
Timothy Sackton: the elder races, are metaphysically distinct from
Eric Rosenbaum: humans and all the other like
Timothy Sackton: races. So they're not really directly connected.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. Random question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything up at the ceiling
Eric Rosenbaum: while I have a flying letter? Temporarily?
Timothy Sackton: No. The ceiling seems pretty intact.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: So I've been chatting. I've been chattering with the edges down the hall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Kate: And
UU Church of Boulder: no, not tory secret, not in an obsessively eating magical ice kind of a way.
Kate: I don't know what you're talking about.
UU Church of Boulder: I told that that, were it it it asked
if we're coming for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I told it we're here for the phasing stone.
UU Church of Boulder: and that it's masters to the wake again, and is gifted to
UU Church of Boulder: to us; and if it gives it.
UU Church of Boulder: we'll go on our way, and it says if you can find it, and we'll take it. I won't hinder you on your way out.
I asked if it wants anything from us. It says, I desire nothing I do not already have
Eric Rosenbaum: on our way out. If we can find it, I surely hope the facing stone is not in whatever this thing is, this is certainly a trap, right?
Kate: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: It seems. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: like. yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: into the trap. Then?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, what else are we going to do? Did the Did the moth come back?
Timothy Sackton: Nope
Eric Rosenbaum: it? What
Eric Rosenbaum: dreamworld connected abilities do we have, if any?
UU Church of Boulder: So we've got the dream Mirror
Eric Rosenbaum: right? And whose dreams can we look at with that?
Mike Sackton: We need their blood? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Kate: look! If it's shiny and mirror like we have to keep it! Here's one that eats organs
Eric Rosenbaum: unless we decide it's somehow bad and shouldn't be used, even though it'd be incredibly useful, such as a Connecticut of tongues that we just had to destroy it, one on one
or so we go in.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I I think
Mike Sackton: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay. What order are you walking through the door and
UU Church of Boulder: go first again.
UU Church of Boulder: It that still makes sense
Eric Rosenbaum: last
Eric Rosenbaum: hovering on the ladder.
Kate: That's confident that my light magic will be of use, is when I thought we were just going someplace. Really dark.
Kate: Dream me is different than dark, but I guess i'll go still go. Second.
Mike Sackton: I guess i'll go after.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you all step into the corridor.
Timothy Sackton: The the darkness almost seems to fade a little bit
Timothy Sackton: for us. Did you see my message?
Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: as you begin to walk down the
Timothy Sackton: the the quarter, there's almost
Timothy Sackton: so very, very quickly. You feel like there's like the quarter is endless in both directions, right like you can't.
Timothy Sackton: Even after going 10 or 15 feet, you cannot see like you turn around in the quarter. extends
Timothy Sackton: as far as one can see, in both directions, like there's no
Timothy Sackton: door back into the
Timothy Sackton: into the dark library. But the darkness is
Timothy Sackton: the darkness is is much less oppressive, and
Timothy Sackton: and you can see up ahead almost
Timothy Sackton: like the flickering of a torchlight.
Timothy Sackton: and and the glint of so of something almost
Timothy Sackton: like there's a brighter light ahead, like an opening into a room
Timothy Sackton: a room that's lit by torches, and that you can see again. It's almost impossible to judge distance. There seems to be like a
Timothy Sackton: a throne or a a
Timothy Sackton: chair of some kind, like an elaborate chair.
Timothy Sackton: sat on a dias
Timothy Sackton: in this room at the end of the corridor, lit by
Timothy Sackton: torches.
Sort of funny Cisco, but that's
UU Church of Boulder: exactly what I expected we'd find here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why did you expect that will be
UU Church of Boulder: talking to this person? They seem like they're the
UU Church of Boulder: they're the ruler of their own green domain.
UU Church of Boulder: You expect like a
Eric Rosenbaum: my throne room through and all that. But there's no one visible on the throne.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's nobody visible on the throne.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. And
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Congo, hey, how are you feeling, man?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some dudes?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How am I feeling?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel? I feel okay, I am. I am in the spiritual tool process of learning how to accept the fact that I may have like a high frequency noise in my fucking head for the rest of my life.
Eric Rosenbaum: so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that was challenging, but also, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm getting there It's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know it's sort of like like. We're all getting old and sort of like the chronic ship that you have to deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's like a certain element of like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, like it's interesting. It's like it's a frequency that is there, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's the actual sound.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then there's your reaction to the sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: and like overwhelmingly the distress is related to the reaction to the sound, because it's all of the fear that's like. Oh, my God! Am I have this forever, and I, You know all that like stuff that comes with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The actual sound is not that bad, and it's also like when you like. Even right now it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like they've got these cricket noise in the background talking. It's like I don't even really notice it, and your brain does a really good job of like just canceling out things over time that you're not supposed to. You know it's it's good at differentiating signal versus noise. If you treat it. If you train it over time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like i'm kind of just in this, like spiritual mode of like man I got, and you know, and I've been talking all the doctors. I watch the fucking, you know. talking everybody, you know. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, there's there's a chance that it will stay forever. There's also a chance that it will go away, but it's also like completely fucking unknown, like, when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could take months
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could be never real neurology, Man: it's mysterious. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. So the the goal is just to like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: arrive into a a state of deep spiritual acceptance with the whole fucking thing. And then, you know, whatever happens, happens, you know, pray to create a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rate of fun
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking Bishman. All the Dunmari gods that they give me my hearing back, or they cancel out this fucking noise. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's definitely
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only not like been a fun. 2020. It's not been a fun of 48 h, that is for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we give you a recap of where we've been at.
Kate: Yeah, it is Ken. So dead Did I die already now?
Timothy Sackton: No, definitely, not nothing so dramatic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not going to recap somebody who, because I might give away something.
Kate: We we were hoping you would recap every yeah
Mike Sackton: speaker got himself slightly addicted to magical ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't. I don't know what you're talking about.
Mike Sackton: He has a problem. We have to deal with it later.
Mike Sackton: He's been eating. He ate the heart of the creature that we killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: what all it's a little
Eric Rosenbaum: he's denying it.
UU Church of Boulder: But I mean just to to recontextualize that though it was ice.
UU Church of Boulder: he ate the body of the enemy we just killed
UU Church of Boulder: like he feasted on the corpse of our enemy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please. Just a second
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unprovoked.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're not sure why he did it to be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I think just ice books like gems. So dwarf thing I don't know secret seems to have a weird obsession.
Eric Rosenbaum: which is another way of saying everything is like it always has been and always.
Mike Sackton: Then we went to the the freaky, dark
Mike Sackton: area that was very dark, even with daylight going from both you kenses and wellbe's, drift globes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And there was some giant pillars with dwarf and writing on them I mean giant writing on them.
Mike Sackton: which included the instruction manual to the. to the
Mike Sackton: things that we need. The facing stone. That's the word I was looking for.
Mike Sackton: Very boring deal with. Tried to read it to to
Mike Sackton: speaker, but it was really dry and
Eric Rosenbaum: uninteresting. Hard to stay focused
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like like, how do we, or do you have to read them. And then, you see, you're writing them down.
Mike Sackton: You know, about the same as yours.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, Burden.
I didn't mean that to sound like no like he doesn't have like an 18 intelligent. He's not like a superhuman genius person right like
Eric Rosenbaum: this, which is the most intelligent person in our group.
Mike Sackton: Seeker by a long margin, I think.
Kate: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you have like a crazy, high intelligence.
Mike Sackton: You guys got a 20 intelligence. Yeah, See that's like freakish genius freaking genius like could memorize stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm Dallas, the second smartest. Everybody else is attendant
Timothy Sackton: that it's not a group of brilliant characters.
Mike Sackton: We we're neither brilliant and we're also very weak right? We're we're sort of dom and weak. We're we're sort of dom and weak we're we're sort of dom and weak. We're we're we're sort of dom and weak. We're, we're, we're sort of dom and weak, we're we're sort of dom and weak. We're we're we're sort of dom and weak, we're we're we're sort of dom and weak. We're we're sort of dom and weak. We're we're sort of dom and weak. We're we're we're sort of a dom and week we're we're sort of a Dom. And week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we looked at the pillars. It was a sorry continue without me. A doctor is calling me back. I gotta take this. Yeah, Just continue. Okay, Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're recapping for you. So. But well come back to the recap. Let's just keep going down there we have some more stuff happen, and we'll recap that later.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the Throne Room empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. the secret looks at
Eric Rosenbaum: at Wellbe, and
Eric Rosenbaum: actually starts to play with his ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: This thing should protect me from someone during my mind unbidden.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if I take it off? I'd be able to talk to them, too. But maybe I don't want to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate: I think someone protected from talking to them, and someone willing able to talk to them is a good balance.
Kate: Keep both the States and the party.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if the Throne Room has.
UU Church of Boulder: as like a smaller chamber off to the side like a meeting room. maybe behind the throne. There's a
UU Church of Boulder: door that might take us to a face-to-face meeting.
UU Church of Boulder: But is that a
UU Church of Boulder: around and take a look?
Kate: I wonder if we circle around to the left and go around. There is there is another door
Eric Rosenbaum: as you enter into the throne. Number. There's another door.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's closed behind the throne. Hmm.
Mike Sackton: It's fairly white. And is my moth totally gone? By the way, is it like we didn't come across any sign of it?
Timothy Sackton: You did not come across any sign of that.
Mike Sackton: Can I tell If it
Mike Sackton: it still exists.
Timothy Sackton: it still exists.
UU Church of Boulder: What was going to open that door.
Mike Sackton: or at
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Mike Sackton: I was going to look through it first.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Kate: You only think you can look through it.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm gonna I'm gonna open it anyways. What's that?
UU Church of Boulder: What's in there.
Kate: right
Timothy Sackton: the door. Slowly it swings open.
Kate: and we can see into the subsequent room, or we can't.
Timothy Sackton: You can see Mike, Did you see my message
Mike Sackton: out now.
Kate: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I didn't actually look behind it.
Timothy Sackton: I know. Okay.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: the the.
Timothy Sackton: The door swings open, and there's just an empty small room
Timothy Sackton: just like a sort of plain
Timothy Sackton: side chamber, where one might
Timothy Sackton: store
Timothy Sackton: treasure, or
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't have any furniture in it? There's just
Timothy Sackton: blank walls.
Kate: How about we imagine ourselves a nice, manageable enemy. Yeah. and visualize it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea.
Why, don't we just imagine our self-easing stone
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Kate: and a way out that's actually real.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does this work? We don't know
Kate: you didn't like.
Kate: Leave a rope trailing behind us, or anything. Get back to the physical world, or
Timothy Sackton: you have the ladder
Eric Rosenbaum: that we do.
Timothy Sackton: The latter. By the way.
Timothy Sackton: you notice now, as you look at the latter, like, it seems to have acquired like a whole row of metals across one.
Kate: You don't know where they came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: like heroic deeds. Recognize.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker starts to imagine, like
Eric Rosenbaum: little bowl of
Eric Rosenbaum: deliciously flavored ice shavings
Eric Rosenbaum: with a spoon next to it.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: you!
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you hear the the rest of you behind you hear a clattering noise, and you look back. and there's a
Timothy Sackton: a bowl balanced on the on the like a silver bowl about that could fit nicely in like 2 hands balanced on the
Timothy Sackton: side of the throne, a side of the throne.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The spoon has a silver spoon has just tumbled out and thumb onto a
Timothy Sackton: or making a clattering noise, and within the bowl
Timothy Sackton: the bowl is filled with like finely shaved ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: It worked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker strolls towards it. Now is this a giant scale throne, or it
Timothy Sackton: actually it's smaller. It's like a dwarf size, you know. Half one says to them, I think the throne was from my dream.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I peer into the bowl. reach down to pick up the spoon
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: scoop some of the ice.
Kate: which point we grab the spoon from you and whack you into the nose with it.
Kate: Really or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I look back. Yeah, with a sally. Really.
Kate: you're going cold turkey
Timothy Sackton: from even dreams. Oh, nice is a lot stronger than you.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what what what you imagine happened. Seeker.
Kate: What do I imagine happening? Nice
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just imagine shaking her off.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is surprisingly strong. and despite you like going to grab grab the spoon, it's almost as if his his arm just sort of moves through your
Timothy Sackton: hand as you're trying to grab him.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I call
Eric Rosenbaum: scoops him up into the mouth. But as you try and scoop the
Timothy Sackton: ice into your mouth resin, what do you imagine happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God! It's gonna get complicated. I love it.
Mike Sackton: America back. Sorry.
Kate: I imagine that I
Kate: smashed the Oh out of reach, and it clutters and shatters.
Timothy Sackton: So you get one delicious spoonful, and then the bowl just goes flying off and melts and turns into this.
Timothy Sackton: The bowl itself cracks in half. and all the snow is gone, all the ice is gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 bowls appearing larger, and then 4 and 8 more, 1632 all around us. So the the Rome begins to fill
Eric Rosenbaum: with silver bowls of shaved ice.
Timothy Sackton: like surrounding seeker, like growing bigger and bigger and bigger.
Timothy Sackton: piled off everywhere just like balls of ice.
Kate: Okay, could we focus, maybe, on imagining real doors back to the real world or facing stones again? Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. Look what we got here, though this is the most important thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ice, the chill, the cold.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's so delicious.
Kate: Wristwin ignores dreaming ice, glutton seeker, and tries to imagine her own doors and faces stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any of that? Actually, what I start to think about is the notebook
Kate: in whatever detail I can remember Rascar describing it the like. Only 4 foot big notebook.
Kate: We didn't find that in the library, either. And if it's less precious to the dream creature
Kate: and tangible that I could actually imagine to existence and have control over.
Mike Sackton: Does the seeker actually try to eat the ice
Mike Sackton: as an aside?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, i'm now sort of crouched down with a few of the bulls around me, and
Mike Sackton: Delta will look at you as you go to take a spoonful, and every time you take a spoonful like a foul odor starts coming off the ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nothing can ruin this. Hear me?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: our version.
Eric Rosenbaum: like a fine aged cheese, you know, has that fun to it. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: you're incorrigible, seeker. That's correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I guess we don't want the whole game to turn into the whole night. It's just us try it stop seeker from eating ice.
UU Church of Boulder: I wonder what would be left in this space if none of us imagined anything whatsoever
Eric Rosenbaum: a white bear.
Mike Sackton: or if we
Eric Rosenbaum: dot
Mike Sackton: the same thing at the same time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, everybody. I think this is the best flavor. So we should focus on the cinnamon ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody
Kate: a cinnamon ice that smells like funky cheese.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could do that because of the cheese.
Eric Rosenbaum: Welcome back. Huh! You may have missed something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you guys, it's Tim playing. Kenza, how are you guys playing kind of kind of silently tagging along?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He did. He did cite a pillar for it. I did a soul site a pillar. Okay, good. I'm glad I was up, sir. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's sorry. Who has access to chat, Gpt.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I don't I don't pay for the new version. I have the phone Person.
Eric Rosenbaum: I: yeah, I don't. I am an Api: yeah, that gives me special privileges. Okay, I'm: Sorry. This is a really random request.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you do you mind at some point this evening asking Chat Gpt: Your. It's best of Irish jokes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I I just that. Okay. The reason Why, this is a bit ridiculous, but and just to have a bunch of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I I was just getting a consult from Susan Bloominthal, who's like a you know, collaborator, and and you know also an amazing doctor, and her husband is LED Markey, and I think LED is giving like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a talk or something tomorrow, or he's got to tell jokes, and, like Susan was like, hey? By the way, do you do? You have chat, Gp 2, and I was like I don't, but I have friends on it right now, and he's like you passing them for some jokes, because I want to see what it will say, and if they're any good, really
Timothy Sackton: funny, Eric, what did you say is your pro?
Eric Rosenbaum: What are your best Irish jokes?
Timothy Sackton: I said the exact same thing. What are your best Irish jokes? Look at the 2 responses in chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I did get the disclaimer first.
Timothy Sackton: You just try to regenerate.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it said. However, I can provide some light-hearted and funny Irish jokes that are not intended to be insulting to the Scri. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay. Now I got it to.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, here this is a this is a good one for the session tonight. When you get when you cross a snowman in a vampire.
Kate: Nice! Oh, is that? An Irish joke? Good question. Yeah. I was gonna ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, you guys, Rock. Thank you.
Kate: What are electric tomatoes? I'll let you know if LED Markey ends up using any of these jokes that' be legendary.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I actually earlier tried to get it to generate a a thick scientific app abstract of a peer reviewed study, showing that D and D is the best cure for Tinnitus.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it refused
Eric Rosenbaum: what the fuck it's allowed to refuse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's been the
Eric Rosenbaum: if you use it, you mostly get that. And so then a lot of the activity around it has been workarounds to get it to imagine that it is something other than what it is.
Kate: Oh, I like the don't press your luck, one.
Timothy Sackton: But but here, I said, can you tell me some culturally appropriate jokes for St. Patrick's Day, and it was like completely happy.
UU Church of Boulder: Ask Ask her to tell you a novel joke, because none of those
UU Church of Boulder: the jokes that it's given you. So far. None of us are novel
UU Church of Boulder: like start googling the jokes. They're they're all it's just
UU Church of Boulder: you understand what it is. But it's
UU Church of Boulder: no
Mike Sackton: All these Irish jokes already. One more novel joking. Let's go back to Dnd. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: this is not a very good joke, but here's what it came up with.
UU Church of Boulder: That's pretty good. Oh, wait! I got it. I really thought that the Irish joke about the car battery growing electric tomatoes must have been a chat. Gbt thing that's just some other stupid human.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can check them all. But here here's the last bit of what I just got.
and
Timothy Sackton: next
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: constant and continuous game play
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: full submersion, so it's full subversion, so still full subversion.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait here we go.
Timothy Sackton: No, never mind.
Timothy Sackton: I just realized my one step down in my chat. Gbt log is all of the questions I was asking it to design this session. Okay, let's let's get back to D and me, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: to briefly recap.
Timothy Sackton: You are all in some dream World State.
Timothy Sackton: where what you imagine becomes real
Timothy Sackton: and seeker, has spent most of the time imagining
Timothy Sackton: I to eat
Timothy Sackton: Well, everybody else is distracted by his antics.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's delicious. The cinem and flavored shaved ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: so that's a good reason for it
Kate: which deal with tried to make have a terrible smell as an aversion therapy, and that didn't help. Yeah.
Kate: wellbe is imagining us in various castle throne rooms and antechambers.
Kate: So
Kate: and
Kate: despite my best efforts, I don't seem to be able to imagine a giant's tiny little giant book.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, I
Timothy Sackton: I was about to get to that, but to just con his back. So I got distracted.
Timothy Sackton: So you see that a a book appears
Timothy Sackton: next to risen near about the size of
Mike Sackton: what does it say
Timothy Sackton: it's? It's total gibberish. It doesn't it doesn't say anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Mike Sackton: it's not even a giantish imagination is not very strong.
Kate: so if we met, but they're thereby. Ergo, if we imagine a facing stone, we're not going to get what we want.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: right. We can't just imagine the phasing stand because we're in the facing stones, imagination
Kate: or the future. That's
Eric Rosenbaum: therefore I recommend actually taking a bowl. It's pretty nice.
UU Church of Boulder: I wonder what will be left in this space when none of our projections are in it.
Mike Sackton: Imagine nothing.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, who's going to sit down and do his very best just to clear his mind, but also not to think of not thinking it just like, try and
Eric Rosenbaum: make our wisdom check.
Kate: Can our resident monk guide us in a guided meditation
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
Timothy Sackton: to well be sets and and begins to clear his mind
Timothy Sackton: and just go still. For a moment
Timothy Sackton: the throne vanishes
Timothy Sackton: like a bunch of the so the silver bowls just clatter down as they were leaning against the throne.
Timothy Sackton: the walls vanish.
Timothy Sackton: and there is just a dark expanse stretching
Timothy Sackton: as far as you can see
Timothy Sackton: the
the
Timothy Sackton: corridors
Timothy Sackton: vanish. You're just
Eric Rosenbaum: You're just in sort of emptiness. That's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear in the distance the howling of when
Timothy Sackton: the ice is melting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll say to everyone else, Clear Clear your mind. Let let go of whatever you've put in this space.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not that needing the
Mike Sackton: sort of across from well, being
Kate: it sort of follow the same like
Oh.
Mike Sackton: trance that he would do instead of sleep. But
Mike Sackton: instead of dwelling on, just trying to hold in that.
Mike Sackton: Normally it's a time of like
Mike Sackton: remembered in the past, but just trying to like
Mike Sackton: stop before he gets to any memories and just kind of freeze and like a
Mike Sackton: emptiness and and keep his mind empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker looks up puzzled for a second. Normally. I get that you know that thing that happens like a brain freeze when you eat too much or something cold. I don't have that at all. That's that's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: He sets the bowl aside and sits down to clear his mind. As well
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom check.
Kate: This one is also following her so religious practices. For, oh, boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: mind clearing, I can get back up again
Timothy Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all begin to settle. clear your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo, being practice of meditation doesn't have to make a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: you see.
Timothy Sackton: like a little like a
Timothy Sackton: It's like a clockwork
Timothy Sackton: little sort of clockwork cat sort of white cat kind of walks in and starts in this empty space, and starts like
Timothy Sackton: licking at one of like lapping at a pool of water
Timothy Sackton: like a few more sort of clockwork. Animals start to start to wander in.
Timothy Sackton: and you can. You can hear them ticking.
Timothy Sackton: But other than that around you all of the everything begins to vanish right. There's just this, like sort of
Timothy Sackton: a few puddles of water. The silver bowls have vanished. They've melted. So there's like these puddles of silvery water
Timothy Sackton: with like little mechanical animals drinking from them
Timothy Sackton: in an otherwise sort of silent expanse, and you can hear now
Timothy Sackton: the howling of
Timothy Sackton: of wind getting louder in the distance you almost can feel the
Timothy Sackton: colds.
Timothy Sackton: this the blowing
Timothy Sackton: snow far away. or maybe close. There's no sense of distance in this drastic emptiness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a direction that it's blowing from or coldest in.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean you can hear the direction that the that the
Timothy Sackton: but the wind is blowing. It's blowing like from ahead of you basically is where the sound is coming from.
Timothy Sackton: Some mechanical cat sort of walks off to seeker and
Timothy Sackton: puts its head on seekers. Me kind of looks up at him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, hello!
Eric Rosenbaum: I am!
Eric Rosenbaum: Scratch the cat behind its ears.
Timothy Sackton: It It disintegrates into a pile of gears the minute you touch it
Clear your mind
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Clear my mind.
Timothy Sackton: Make another wisdom. Check Cdr.
Eric Rosenbaum: So slightly Better getting better still, got the brain for me.
Timothy Sackton: But except I do have the brain for it. It's not a but when it continues to
Timothy Sackton: to blow it, and you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can see, like you can now see the snow in the distance
Eric Rosenbaum: like there's a snowstorm on the horizon, and the distance that seems to be
Timothy Sackton: blowing across this empty expanse.
Timothy Sackton: and and in the in that direction like sticking out of the sand. There's this giant earth in hand That's maybe it's almost impossible to judge how big it is, because you can't judge distances so it could be
Timothy Sackton: 50 feet tall and really far away, or, you know, 5 feet tall and close.
Timothy Sackton: and it's just kind of reaching up out of the sand, and then it like is pointing in the direction it turns to like point in the direction of the wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker gets up to head that direction.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. definitely. Still, you right? That's your thing. John's coming out of the earth.
Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Funny you should mention, but it's pointing towards the beautiful storm which
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to pursue
Kate: right clear in your mind again.
But what if you?
UU Church of Boulder: What if you blank out the hand, and then see what happens?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll do that after I go Find this.
UU Church of Boulder: I blocked towards it like, what if there's a cliff right there?
Eric Rosenbaum: I stopped walking for a second. That's an interesting point. We
Eric Rosenbaum: safety first.
Eric Rosenbaum: I go back and find the latter. The latter presumably, has even more metals all over it than before.
Timothy Sackton: 40 metals on it. Now. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I climb on the ladder
Eric Rosenbaum: now. Now we're hovering together a few feet off the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I had head into into the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Is anybody following: Seeker.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: here
Timothy Sackton: how you get
Mike Sackton: 1 s.
Mike Sackton: This is really.
Mike Sackton: Now I'm going to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, i'll just follow. I don't really have a good way of i'll keep it. I'll keep a
Mike Sackton: I mean, if everybody is following one thing. But if nobody, if everybody is not following, i'm gonna try and keep them in sight.
Kate: Yeah, I think we better stick together. and so we can
Timothy Sackton: the so as you. As you walk in this direction, you can see there's like a snowstorm, an isolated snowstorm. Up ahead.
Timothy Sackton: and in the
Timothy Sackton: in the snow there's like a figure. It seems not like a fully complete figure. It's like a
Timothy Sackton: almost like a silhouette, but any, no matter what direction they turn, you can't see
Timothy Sackton: facial features or anything that's struggling against the snow.
Timothy Sackton: The wind is slowing at it. The
Timothy Sackton: the and they're
Timothy Sackton: they're holding something like clutched in their hands like up against their brass. This will sort of struggle into the wind.
Timothy Sackton: shivering cold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine them
Eric Rosenbaum: with their
Eric Rosenbaum: that they're standing in ice, their feet encased in the ice isn't in place they they turn sort of to look at you, except they have no face.
Timothy Sackton: and their feet begin to freeze the ice sort of forming in a block around their legs as they turn, and sort of gesture in your direction and stop moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: The snow is now
Timothy Sackton: swirling around, all of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I so
Eric Rosenbaum: creeping up their body from their feet, and starting to encase them slowly
Eric Rosenbaum: from the bottom up
Timothy Sackton: ice begins to creep up this figures
Timothy Sackton: let's take your speed.
Timothy Sackton: creeping up their body, and as it does they like
Timothy Sackton: like stutter a little bit, and their hands fall open, and something falls out of their hand and falls straight through the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the
Timothy Sackton: round, pulsing stone?
Eric Rosenbaum: As the ice
Timothy Sackton: continues up their body?
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine myself diving for the stone down through the ground.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's unwise.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, i'm rolling
Eric Rosenbaum: like
Timothy Sackton: as seeker dives to the ground, and the rest of you are still trying to maintain your sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: on the ladder. By the way, I think on the ladder, the rest of you are still sort of trying to maintain your
Timothy Sackton: concentration, your at the sort of emptiness of your minds.
Timothy Sackton: The ground splits open. a seeker dives through it.
Timothy Sackton: the latter and seeker just sort of falling down, and the rest of you finding yourself in this
Timothy Sackton: black space
Timothy Sackton: just sort of floating.
Kate: Can we see seeker in the letter anymore? You can see seeker in the ladder, and you can see in the distance, at the bottom below you.
Timothy Sackton: in this empty space a
Timothy Sackton: pillar of
Timothy Sackton: stone pedestal, or ice pedestal. With this cube of
Timothy Sackton: solid ice on it
Timothy Sackton: the same stone that fell out of this creature's hand embedded in the middle of this
Timothy Sackton: block.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect! Perfect!
Eric Rosenbaum: There it is!
Eric Rosenbaum: I look for the others. Do I see anybody else?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, You see, everybody else just kind of floating.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put a hand to the ice.
Timothy Sackton: It's solid.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's called. It's got a good cold.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: this is what we need.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is what I need.
Kate: Anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: Can we move to the spate? I mean, where? Yeah, yeah, you can just
Timothy Sackton: you can move basically just by thinking you can sort of drift in any direction you want. Just move.
Eric Rosenbaum: He.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, I moved to an awesome
Timothy Sackton: as
a few of you now begin to gather around.
Timothy Sackton: There's sort of a swirling
Timothy Sackton: shadow
Timothy Sackton: type, almost almost
Timothy Sackton: like a ragged cloak, but no sort of
Timothy Sackton: no face, nothing like that that that swirls up around it, and you can now all hear the voice.
Timothy Sackton: Not so fast.
Timothy Sackton: You must free it.
Mike Sackton: It's in ice.
is it.
UU Church of Boulder: This is a dream. I
I think it isn't.
Timothy Sackton: You just think it's sitting in the on the stone paddock.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make make a wisdom check.
UU Church of Boulder: And, in fact, I don't even. I don't even think it's sitting on the pedestal.
UU Church of Boulder: So
UU Church of Boulder: because I also think there's not a pedestal.
Kate: It's just its own entity floating like we are in the blackness, living on the ground
UU Church of Boulder: right?
There's no sorry that
UU Church of Boulder: first one hopefully is the relevant. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: the Wellbey thinks for a moment, and just imagines the
Timothy Sackton: stone. 3 of its of its constraints just sitting sitting on the ground, and it begins the water, or the ice begins to melt.
Timothy Sackton: and the stone pedestal vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: and for a moment this stone is just sitting here, when out of the shadows a raven swoops in and grabs it and begins to fly
Timothy Sackton: up into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Just leave things on the ground. Creatures will take them.
UU Church of Boulder: There are no creatures, and there is no ground.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: how gateway? How big is this thing? It's like
Timothy Sackton: like sides of a fest.
Mike Sackton: So as the raven flies by, i'm going to cast mage hand and grab it out of the raven's claws.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a
Timothy Sackton: make out all right. I'll say it's my jacket.
Eric Rosenbaum: You imagine casting, Major. And
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I used to say, spells actually work.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the raven flies by with this stone. Darwin
Timothy Sackton: imagines or asks
Timothy Sackton: things, he casts a spell in a hand, an invisible hand begins to grasp
Timothy Sackton: on to it.
Timothy Sackton: and as you. as you begin to pull it towards you, the raven turns solidifies. She comes stone.
Timothy Sackton: and then. lad.
and just begins to plum it down
Timothy Sackton: far too heavy for your maid chant to hold.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's falling down through the blackness.
Timothy Sackton: You're just in an empty space. Yeah, I mean it's it's black, but it's more an absence of it's more of like a flat grayness than right.
Mike Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I imagine, having a popsicle to eat. At this moment it's falling rapidly.
Timothy Sackton: It's now, in the also pause for a Sec. Let's: let's bring
Timothy Sackton: going at the speed. Okay, so you are in the dream world or some nightmare dimension.
Timothy Sackton: You've realized that you can control reality by
Timothy Sackton: imagining what you want it to be.
Timothy Sackton: and you are currently. You think you found the phasing stone, and you were trying to get it
Timothy Sackton: from
this creature.
Timothy Sackton: It started in a block of ice, which, while we figured well there isn't any ice here. So it melted.
but before he could pick it up, or Raven
Timothy Sackton: swooped in and grabbed it and started flying up.
Timothy Sackton: Dow with imagined he was casting made chance to grab it from the raven.
Timothy Sackton: and the raven turned to lead heavier than the mage hand could hold and begin to fall.
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile Seeker has imagined himself a pop scope
we get
Eric Rosenbaum: in here, and and
what maybe we should be thinking about how to get out.
Eric Rosenbaum: much as I like popsicles on demand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is the thing that is led and falling?
Timothy Sackton: The so the phasing stone is being held. It was grasped in the claws of a raven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and as Dollar Dwith was trying to
Timothy Sackton: drag it to him. the raven turned to lead.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and it's now very heavy, and it's falling with it. I try to. I try to turn the facing stone into liquid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Turn the phasing stone itself into liquid. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: make our wisdom jacket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can somebody roll a. D. 20 for me. Sorry I don't have the things up in. Oh, yeah, no problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We wendy 20 plus
Timothy Sackton: 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't use my role.
Mike Sackton: I will do what the
Timothy Sackton: that's a one. We're having some very with that rolls tonight, using Tim's role. I didn't roll. Sorry deal with either, Mike. Either rules
Timothy Sackton: Are you rolling for other people, he their own natural twenties or natural ones.
Timothy Sackton: kenz out.
Timothy Sackton: Imagine the phasing stone turning into water and flowing away from this
Timothy Sackton: lead raven, and as it begins to shift into water.
Timothy Sackton: the raven
Timothy Sackton: drinks that
Eric Rosenbaum: oh!
Timothy Sackton: And turns back into a burn and begins to fly up again, and you can see like glowing in its chest now the phasing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they should imagine the the facing stone.
UU Church of Boulder: I I've just kept away just for a minute. But well, we will say
UU Church of Boulder: we're trying to tack this. It's one at a time.
UU Church of Boulder: We try to do it all together.
UU Church of Boulder: left together with man
UU Church of Boulder: phasing stone. Something else entirely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's interesting. I think. I think you know i'm step away.
UU Church of Boulder: but i'll I'll leave back in 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: it's a raven flying. It's now flying upward
Timothy Sackton: it's flying up again. Now having drunk the phasing stone and and beginning to fly up, and you can see there's like shadow tendrils like
Timothy Sackton: dripping off of its wings as it begins to beat in the air.
I'm going to imagine that the moth I summoned earlier.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna assume, not even imagining what i'm just assuming the moth is somewhere around here.
Mike Sackton: and that it it it's a big MOS right. It's gonna fly by and just
Mike Sackton: claw and bite staying attack the raven.
Mike Sackton: Try and drive it down
Timothy Sackton: towards us. Make a Make a charisma, Jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we's right.
Kate: What if we all just focus on visualizing the facing stone floating in empty, undisturbed Grace Base near us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I didn't have to be any other. How would we hold it? Could we imagine it dropping into one of our mirrors or into our
Mike Sackton: I think it's.
Mike Sackton: but I think it's not as simple as just imagining the phase it like. It feels to me like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to get it out of the Raven First
Mike Sackton: competition, right? It's like I. But I think if we just all imagine the same thing as like. Let's just pick what Rizman is suggesting. Let's all imagine that the the moth.
Timothy Sackton: the moth dives down and strikes at the at the raven, and and begins to like wrestle with it. And the raven sort of cling at the moth.
Timothy Sackton: and the moth is clawing at the Raven, and they're they're entangled with each other.
Timothy Sackton: When you realize
Timothy Sackton: the raven.
Timothy Sackton: like the raven, is shedding feathers
Timothy Sackton: and and getting you know it, it almost seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be shrinking. and
Timothy Sackton: the moth again like slashes at it, and and and drives it down
Timothy Sackton: until until the raven, the raven is is beginning to be forced to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't see the phasing stone anywhere
Eric Rosenbaum: until you see you look around, and you see
Timothy Sackton: floating
Timothy Sackton: in and on like wrapped almost like wrapped or floating on like a a rag, a shadowy rat.
Timothy Sackton: You see the the phasing stone now again
Timothy Sackton: reflected in a mirror.
Timothy Sackton: looking for this.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now
Eric Rosenbaum: and how do we get out of here?
Kate: You need to force it to distance angle itself from the phasing stone?
Eric Rosenbaum: What if that's not the facing stone at all. What if we're just trapped in them?
Kate: That's true, too. But we'll face that problem after we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I do think we have to work together here. Right? It's not
Mike Sackton: each one of us imagining one thing sequentially. We need everybody to be thinking different things at once, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Which one was saying, okay, how about we're all holding it like we're we're reaching out. We're
Eric Rosenbaum: we're in a ring with our hands towards the center, each with one hand on the facing stone, holding it.
Kate: Or if 3 of us imagine
Kate: doing something with the facing stone, or, you know, focusing it on being
Kate: in our control. But the other 2 focus on distracting or antagonizing the shadow creature because it
Kate: it's taking the form of the raven or the shadowy napkin, or the mirror, or whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it
Mike Sackton: Do we solve telepathy?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I assume I any time when anybody is like spending 10 min searching, I assume seek is always just
Eric Rosenbaum: ritual casting telephony. That seems good.
Mike Sackton: We should
Mike Sackton: coordinate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something right on a we do, Eric or or Eric's as a synchronous Eric suggestion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're just doing the
Eric Rosenbaum: all for one and for all, whatever we call that thing. Everybody put their hand in the middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we're all holding it together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go team.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: going to actually do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, everybody make
Eric Rosenbaum: wisdom or Charisma. Check your choice.
Mike Sackton: How about a 25,
Kate: one near 22?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can somebody roll for me, and my thing is not working
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like him.
Timothy Sackton: I'll roll
Timothy Sackton: out. Mike already. Beat me to it.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you hold out your hands, and you all concentrate together, coordinated by telepathy on the
Timothy Sackton: phasing stone
Timothy Sackton: appearing in all your grasp.
Timothy Sackton: and the mirror shatters.
Timothy Sackton: and 5 phasing stones appear one in each of your hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
and
Timothy Sackton: deal with.
Timothy Sackton: So you
Kate: wait. That's not what we were imagining, though we were doing the the altogether thing we were. Our hands were all overlapping.
Kate: We each got one in our hands as they all overlapped
Timothy Sackton: You like. You are doing this like that. Your hands all stacked together.
Kate: That's what I thought, Eric said. That's what I
Mike Sackton: yeah, as I imagine, like hands in the middle, like all for one. Yeah go team.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is what I said.
The
Timothy Sackton: fair enough somehow that wasn't the picture I got. But
Timothy Sackton: thanks for clarifying.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: you still get you still get like
Timothy Sackton: multiple phasing stones. That kind of are just falling out into this like into your hand, like one
Timothy Sackton: one lands in your hand, and another sort of bounces off. It begins to roll down.
Timothy Sackton: dow with you, holding on to the one that the one that fell it doesn't seem doesn't feel so. It feels almost like
Timothy Sackton: it's made of
Timothy Sackton: wisps of like you could squeeze it, and it feels like it, would It would Just
Timothy Sackton: It's like goo like if you squeezed it, it would just pop
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Voice as
Timothy Sackton: shadows and reflections
Eric Rosenbaum: shadows and characterize the dream world. Don't they. Is that true, Tim?
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the dream. We all of it like the Fay Wild, and many of these other realms are often referred to as like echo realms
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: you might be focusing on the wrong thing here. Friends.
Kate: do we need where
Mike Sackton: the sorry Go ahead, Kate.
Kate: I mean, do we need to take over the path
Kate: the space itself.
Kate: like.
Kate: Get quote focused on the getting out problem.
Kate: Did we just come here to smash stuff?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we need to focus on the getting an up problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that we've been in the dream world since before we entered that hallway.
Mike Sackton: Think! Entering the hallway as well
Timothy Sackton: to
Eric Rosenbaum: now, we saw different doors.
Mike Sackton: did see different doors.
Mike Sackton: but we saw the same writing on the pillars.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a library is real.
Mike Sackton: That the doorway itself could have been different, because
Mike Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: doorway to the dream world takes on the characteristic of it. We all see what we think
Mike Sackton: it looks like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Kate: like I said, we didn't tie a rope to one of the pillars and then go through the door. So we don't have like a backtracking
Kate: yeah trail.
Kate: So we have to
Mike Sackton: have a confrontation and defeat whatever is creating the space or break our way out, or I think, getting out doesn't help us much.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am delighted, I should say, that the latter made the transition with us into the dream world, and is also manifesting its own dreams.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: I could get. or a fuss out.
Mike Sackton: I believe, fairly easily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Wait! How
Mike Sackton: vanish.
Eric Rosenbaum: vanish!
Mike Sackton: The banished spell returns you to your home plane. If you're not on your plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see. So in this case we're the demons. So as being a
Mike Sackton: we'd have to be on another plane. It wouldn't work if if we are
Mike Sackton: materially still on Talgar just dreaming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, does it seem likely. Is there any way to know? Oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: that we're in the dream world versus like in dreams and talgars, and I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I tell It's all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: but but also for is not 5.
Mike Sackton: Another problem who is volunteering to stay behind Also, what good does it do to leave? We would have to face it. I mean 6, really with the latter.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, you definitely I mean
Timothy Sackton: your San Kenzo as you definitely are in.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is.
Timothy Sackton: this is like your previous experiencing during wild like places right like
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Kate: Yeah, I wasn't suggesting that we would be able to leave. My suggestion was that some sort of
Kate: changing of the nature of where we are.
Kate: either by taking control
Kate: from the thing controlling the region
Kate: through confrontation or smashing up it's
Kate: environment to control, change its degree of control over us. So the person with a giant hammer
Eric Rosenbaum: seems the problem as
Eric Rosenbaum: something to smash. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: it may not be.
Mike Sackton: I do like the idea of trying to find
Mike Sackton: what was what was the creature's name? Kare
Timothy Sackton: Kurumi, instead of the facing stone.
Mike Sackton: Go for the guardian, not what it guards.
Eric Rosenbaum: The facing stone is not in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Delicious frozen desserts are in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you know what I mean.
Kate: let's go, for let's let's go for Kermain. Because I mean, yeah, we often try to think of a way we can avoid having a battle but
Kate: 8,
Kate: which is why I was suggesting just randomly splashing everything right. That was. They'll probably end up in having a battle. So yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Kate: by smashing, I would mention, I mean Burn
Kate: burst open with magical light. You know all sorts of doesn't have to be hammers.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the the logic of exiting the dream world to Tim? Do I know of any like. Aside from the Spanish spell idea.
Timothy Sackton: I mean in
Timothy Sackton: Kenza's experience you always just can return the way you came. I mean, you basically
Timothy Sackton: follow your dreams back to
Timothy Sackton: yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that mean?
Timothy Sackton: It's never been a problem before. You've always just returned when you were done with the dream of.
Eric Rosenbaum: so nobody really knows how you exit the
Timothy Sackton: although, on the other hand, the creature did say, if you find it and take it, it, won't, hinder your exit.
Mike Sackton: which might
Eric Rosenbaum: suggest that killing the creature. Isn't really the best idea.
Kate: Well, like are we in the real dream world? The creature is a creature of the dream world. It brought the phasing stone here and us here. If we could find the phasing stone
Kate: here and leave with it. We wouldn't have to have a confrontation.
Kate: But if we have a confrontation, we still have to take the facing stone and a leap with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: This whole thing is so slippery. Isn't it.
Kate: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: it is
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: as you've been sort of standing floating this space, telepathically speaking, with the with the
Timothy Sackton: each other, you see now the
Timothy Sackton: so, the
Timothy Sackton: these, like. you know, sort of gel balls of the phasing stone that deal with sort of recognized weren't real have fallen by the way side.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see now
Timothy Sackton: floating again
Timothy Sackton: the phasing step, like in the distance, like almost just kind of floating.
Timothy Sackton: almost, if it's hanging from a balloon or something.
Timothy Sackton: The phasing stone. which.
Timothy Sackton: like I, I would say, especially deal with, and actually all of you
Timothy Sackton: from the previous one. Well, except for well being Kenzo, but
Timothy Sackton: like when you tried to sum it into your hands, you you sort of
Timothy Sackton: you could feel the unrealness of those things. But this one that's floating looks. feels
Timothy Sackton: your sense is that it's different right like there's actually a phasing stone here.
Timothy Sackton: and it's beginning to it's just kind of floating away from you.
Timothy Sackton: drifting higher into this emptiness. and the voice again.
Timothy Sackton: kind of like almost must giggle slightly under its breath
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: so much space to drift away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: we should
Eric Rosenbaum: all of it.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. But I,
despite our inability
UU Church of Boulder: to control it, that
I don't know that there is any space here like
UU Church of Boulder: There's nothing here at all right. It's a dream space like it's. It's infinite. and it's infinitely small like
Kate: If it looks like it floats away. It really hasn't gotten far as what you're saying
UU Church of Boulder: we're at a
like. We're not any size in this place. Right?
Timothy Sackton: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: give a twist to one of the rungs of the latter sparing it on me.
Kate: should we just all imagine ourselves closer to it?
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Timothy Sackton: That's easy to follow
Timothy Sackton: you. Imagine yourself drifting forward, and now you, as as you imagine yourself chasing it. It seems to drift faster and you're it's
you're you're moving quicker and quicker as it's moving quicker and quicker away from you
Timothy Sackton: until you're moving so fast you hardly have any sensation of movement at all.
Timothy Sackton: The this, the
Timothy Sackton: blackness kind of beginning to grain this as you, as you pass forward, and then turning to blackness again behind you.
Timothy Sackton: But you never seem to be able to catch it. and you hear the sort of giggling laughter again.
Timothy Sackton: And could everybody also make a constitution saving. So, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go, dear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you're just kind of racing now.
Which
Timothy Sackton: but you're just traveling. It's traveling fast. You're traveling fast. You seem to have no
Timothy Sackton: trouble keeping up with it. But there's nothing stopping it from just moving away from you.
Kate: and we could imagine, like. and even faster than us.
Kate: Purple Wind Bank, that creates a barrier that
Kate: it can't.
Kate: I still
Mike Sackton: try individually imagining different things that conflict
Mike Sackton: that its response would be conflicting with right like.
Mike Sackton: I can't think of what it would be exactly, but make it so that it can't respond to every every time we've imagined something, it's actually changed. What's happening
Mike Sackton: to escape that situation? Right?
Kate: Right? But you can sort of push it in 2 directions that one. Yeah, yeah, like, I didn't imagine I didn't want to imagine us following it. I wanted to imagine us like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: instantaneously teleporting to all around right, but, like it, should be like one of us chases it to 2 other people that are like in a like coordinated. I don't know one person. Imagine a
Mike Sackton: a wall in front of it, and another person imagine
Mike Sackton: I can't I? I'm having trouble thinking of exactly the right set of
Timothy Sackton: from this experience, imagining it in your hands, imagining, trying to imagine appearing next to it. But imagine chasing it.
Timothy Sackton: You don't seem to be able to just summit it into your hand with your imagination
Timothy Sackton: like just imagining it appearing in your hand, does not seem to work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we need to like, shoot it out or like melt it, or like do something to it.
Mike Sackton: But but I think we need to do something here. It can't see her nose.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to create an enormous storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: The storm will appear on the far side of the facing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: and with the force of its wind push it towards us
Kate: and someone else you, like my purple wall of wind idea. Yeah, you're saying oh, I got I heard purple wall of something, but I didn't realize you were talking about wind. But yes, we can make this storm purple, if you like. I do like that. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we need multiple forces converging on us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the storm is coming towards us, and then something else has to be coming from behind us to trap it in one place, but also like how would it avoid us? So if it if it's a storm, what's it going to do?
Mike Sackton: How would you avoid a storm?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's too hard to anticipate? I don't know
Kate: well it would be like a lead thing that is to mass.
Kate: that
Kate: Hasn't a massive momentum to pierce through that amount of wind. That's what it did with the
Kate: in each hand in the
Eric Rosenbaum: it goes for the week. No? Well, it specifically went for the weakness of May. Change right it it it. It turned into lead, because Mageant was.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can only hold them to £10. Right?
Mike Sackton: I I think we need to like. Come up with something we need to think of something where the natural weakness of the thing would be something that
Mike Sackton: we can then have somebody else imagine something that would trap it based on that right like
Mike Sackton: if you had.
Mike Sackton: It is a funny logic puzzle where 2 opposite things, which, if you react to
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: imagine it
Eric Rosenbaum: so like you're submerged in Mercury.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you need to become
Eric Rosenbaum: so. Then, you know. Then you're really buoyant. No, it's terrible when you're so you're buried in rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: so you need to burst your way out. No, you're under water
Eric Rosenbaum: around, surrounded by flames.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would become very cold
Mike Sackton: or wet.
Mike Sackton: and then like. Then, like, imagine
Mike Sackton: somebody imagine a flame in front of it, and somebody else imagine a decanter underneath it. I don't know that's not perfect, but
Mike Sackton: the idea being that you're hoping it turns into water to react to the flame. And then, all of a sudden it.
Eric Rosenbaum: The problem is anything that we anticipate wanting it to do. It will know about
Mike Sackton: how?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, because we're imagining it.
Mike Sackton: but not. I guess you have to. I mean.
Mike Sackton: if we, if we imagine it carefully right.
Kate: if each one i'm not interested.
Kate: If we don't imagine the full scenario, if you just imagine i'm going to trap it with a wall of ice and then deal with imagines he's gonna have a
Kate: you know bird the other way around a wildfire. And that was. Imagine he's gonna have a decanter.
Kate: Then our
Mike Sackton: Then it's not going to imagine the full scenario. It's, I think, and you do it reactively. Right? You try and do it reactively. You try and have one person start and somebody else react, and then somebody else. But everybody be prepared. So let's work backwards from the end of the chain. One idea and it becomes a liquid that we trap in a vessel. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's perfectly reasonable. And so what do you escape by becoming a liquid?
Mike Sackton: If the liquid is trapped in a vessel. It needs to break the vessel
Mike Sackton: right. But then, what would we?
Mike Sackton: What would we imagine that would not
Mike Sackton: enable it to break? You know, if you try and break a vessel. How do you trap that right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was trying to go the other direction. We want to ended up, End up with it in a vessel.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if I solved it this way, but I don't know either right like.
Mike Sackton: but it's a classic like there's a classic sort of.
Mike Sackton: you know, Wizard, I mean it's it's a common sort of
Mike Sackton: thing in mythology, right? This sort of thing. Dual the Wizard dual where you're like shape, shifting from thing to think the thing right, and you're trying to catch them.
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to catch some of that vibe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do like that.
Mike Sackton: Blake. Do you have the advantage that there are multiple of
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, and I will. I will. You are
Timothy Sackton: coordinating is the right track. I will tell you that much. And
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: what do we ultimately want to happen right? Ultimately we want? We want it. We want it to be the facing stone. I mean, what? What's the end gate?
UU Church of Boulder: I guess it's possess it.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't exactly know what that means.
Eric Rosenbaum: We get a portal out of the dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, well be, is insightful enough to
Timothy Sackton: have the sense that this creature is not. It may not be telling the whole truth in the sense that it said
Timothy Sackton: it didn't say anything about hindering you before you got it. and clearly that, but like
Timothy Sackton: it's probably like your senses. This is not
Timothy Sackton: a creature that is
Timothy Sackton: necessarily out to kill you. It's amused, right. Its attitude this entire time has been amusing.
Kate: If we, when this
Kate: we'll just follow Kenza's dream, leaving 5, and we'll all just sort of the dream.
UU Church of Boulder: We hope so I hear Tim telling us not to be stressed about the
Mike Sackton: Yeah. I'm not worried about the exit, right? I figure, if nothing else. Well, 4 of us will banish, and one of us will just die in the dream world
Mike Sackton: great right like we'll draw straws. No, we'll leave Kenza behind because he knows how to leave it. That's exactly Kenzo ken so is like, Just make sure you don't leave rizwin, behind, and she's the one you can cast. Ray's Dad
UU Church of Boulder: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the latter
Mike Sackton: or no one goes back in and tries to find the other person in Spanish a third time. Right like these are these: I'm not worried, you know. It's escaped from enough weird second dimensions at this point that it's like fine. We'll escape. That's that's fine, right it it Look, this is not as bad as shamutt
Mike Sackton: dimensions
Mike Sackton: that I've now been into twice
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
Kate: sided lack of armies here is very nice.
Mike Sackton: It's helpful, sure. Yeah. let's not imagine an army.
Kate: No.
Mike Sackton: But okay. So what's the like?
Mike Sackton: We're trying to get it to? Or is it to be the phasing stone.
Kate: be the facing stone in our possession like.
Kate: Have this like connection ownership.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how do we possess things by putting them in the portable hole, or into a trap mirror.
Kate: or into an amulet on Ruby's chest.
Mike Sackton: or into
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could like melt it into something. We can melt it into like an object that we can then hold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. So I was trying to like change it in a liquid
Mike Sackton: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like 2 people could be like grasping it, and and then another person could be like melting it. And then another person could be like capturing the melted thing.
Kate: whatever like
Kate: vessel that we imagine isn't really necessarily able to leave with us. Just it is so. I think we want like I'm, I heard well be. You say we want it to be the phasing stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but we can melt it out of its hands and then freeze it again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: after it. Not that way, you know, but something that
Mike Sackton: I mean. Is there. Is there anything that we
Mike Sackton: oh, like the port of a whole, almost seems like the part of a whole or one of our mirrors almost seems like the most thing that we're identified with. Could we like Imagine
Mike Sackton: the vessel being something which is very much ours
Mike Sackton: like trying to imagine it in something that we possess. Right
Eric Rosenbaum: like, Imagine.
Mike Sackton: like, for example, like, get it
Mike Sackton: yeah, or or fall into a portable whole right?
Mike Sackton: That's just.
UU Church of Boulder: Is that is that a way to get it out of here? Also that like
UU Church of Boulder: if we can imagine it into the portable hold, then maybe it can't be imagined back out again.
because the portable hole is a different dimension like
UU Church of Boulder: like, is that yeah, that'd be like a one way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or if we can figure away. I think that that should be the end of our. We want it to be something.
Mike Sackton: If you, If you
Mike Sackton: have it falling, you want something that it's going to try and get away from by falling, and then somebody is prepared to imagine the portable hole right underneath it. Right? It needs to be something heavy. It's like the Maychan thing again. Right? Imagine we had thought of this when we did, May chant, and somebody had been like, I imagine the portable hole right underneath it. It's led. It falls right in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right right where I didn't have time to react right where it's already reacting. You want to like
Mike Sackton: have too much going on. So it doesn't have the traffic. It's a trap. Yeah. But I think it has to be a sequence right where it it can't like. We want to come up with a 5 person sequence. I'm noticing something. It responded to Mage hand
Eric Rosenbaum: as though Mage hand had the restrictions that it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the regular world, even though it's not a real spell in this one. Maybe we can make use of that fact
Eric Rosenbaum: like. Are there spell attacks that we could imagine using
Eric Rosenbaum: that have
Mike Sackton: specific response defenses?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate: like something that's a 10 foot cube or something that it would try to burst out of
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I can. I can do a wall of stone
Eric Rosenbaum: around it, and then it will burst out of it, but knows in what direction
Eric Rosenbaum: I could do, like the quicksands or
Eric Rosenbaum: irresistible curiosity.
Mike Sackton: I think we should work backwards right.
Mike Sackton: The last step is going to be one of us imagining the portable hole right underneath it.
Mike Sackton: Right? And for that to work, we want it to be something that's following. We want it to be
Mike Sackton: it to be trying to escape from the previous step
Mike Sackton: by being something heavy, because then it'll be falling rapidly into the port of a hole, and it won't be able to change it
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we can't use it to trick again, presumably right.
Mike Sackton: But the mage hand trick again is probably to probably used up so like what? Something else that it would escape from falling.
Eric Rosenbaum: What things have weight limits, I mean, like
Mike Sackton: What about what about weather?
Mike Sackton: Although maybe falling is not the right way to do it.
Kate: Yeah, I was just thinking, like all these things that are cute, like our cubes of something like
Kate: cube of
Mike Sackton: of I don't know. On the other hand.
Mike Sackton: the one thing worked for me, chant. Maybe it would do the same thing again.
Mike Sackton: We could test it right. What? It it. Just it it it
Mike Sackton: see if it ever does the I mean. We could
Mike Sackton: imagine something we've already done right. Not major, but something else, and see if it responds in a similar way, because it worked the last time.
Mike Sackton: or it's probably, too, I mean it might be
Mike Sackton: amused and chaotic, and not want to repeat itself. It's hard to tell.
Kate: so I
Mike Sackton: have the latter grab it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can also do like the earth and hand earth and grasp.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then you just can't predict what direction it's going to try to escape from that, you know right. But the but the part of a hole doesn't have to be just that like we can. It can be like sideways. Yeah, yeah, Any particle could be anywhere. We could blow it towards the whole with the storm.
We will.
UU Church of Boulder: So I mean.
UU Church of Boulder: I wonder if we could also just overwhelm it with the the pace of response or transformation. Right that there's only one of it. But there's 5 of us to respond to any move it may like. Maybe we don't need a deeply thorough plan in advance. Maybe we just need to react.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have 4 forces right like I can be a wind force, you know. See, here can be a whatever force like 4 different forces, and we're just like trying to like, you know. One's a wall one that you know like like, and and we try to just barricade it and push it towards the the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're going to box it in. Yeah, yeah, we box it in. So each of us represents a different type of a force, and then we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, it's actually we need to make a cube, and there are
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 of us. Well, 6 with the latter. But anyway, the sixth slide can be the port of a whole.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, but but I also think
Mike Sackton: it needs to be. I think I think
Mike Sackton: well be on to something with differences in pace. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's going to be harder for it to escape, if all of us are imagined, like all of us imagining the same thing didn't work right? So that's what each of us can imagine. One of us can be a, you know, like just 5 type, 5 types of forces, or 4 types of forces.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: like the
UU Church of Boulder: bases of the cube. And then, if it goes in any direction.
UU Church of Boulder: whoever's on that face just
Eric Rosenbaum: sends it back again, whatever way they send it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we're all just trying to push it down towards the port of a hole on the ground.
UU Church of Boulder: which I think has to be some kind of a surprise like it's a portable, you know, that lacks like a man or something. I I think one of us has to imagine the portable hole there right at the end, as it's trying to escape. We're all in the direction, or all of us have to imagine it. There are all of us. Yeah, yeah, that's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great. Let's do it.
Kate: But how do we get into this
Kate: configuration of being on the 6 sides of the of a cube from it like that's right. Now, that's what I was trying to have us imagine that we were, and it just
Kate: flew away
Kate: like couldn't position that
Kate: in this positionless Spatialists thing that's what I was trying to do earlier, and it didn't happen.
Mike Sackton: I I still think, if we just imagine I think it's. Imagine yourselves as forces. Not as this. It's not physical, right. It's that's what i'm saying. It's like like a wall of wind. Okay, so I don't have to be there, but my force of fire is coming from the top, and someone else. But I don't even think it's. I don't even think it's.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's like literally. One is here, and one is here, and one is here, and one is here. The space is in.
Mike Sackton: There's no directions. Here we can float whichever way we want to go. Right. I think it's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's one force and it's reactive right? It's exactly yeah, it's a pong, and we're just. We're just, you know, and and so it's not physical. It's it's
Mike Sackton: it's just like it's it's a long way, if we were all just chasing it, and like throw literally like throwing things at it. It would just keep going further away from all of us like there has to be some sort of corraling. Yeah, it's correct. That is what it is. That's exactly correct. So let's just let's just start trying. It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Seeker becomes the most powerfully directional sleep, storm. You can imagine. Just this dense wall of slush, just
Eric Rosenbaum: a frozen messy mass pushing towards it, but
Eric Rosenbaum: pushing it towards whatever force Del with has
Mike Sackton: but don't. We want to wait for it to react to do something else.
Mike Sackton: I thought we were trying to listen sequence.
Timothy Sackton: And now i'm pushing it towards you. So okay, so Seeker imagines this this windstorm, this sleet storm flying sleep, and the sleep begins to, you know.
Timothy Sackton: But so it's. You know it's floating on this sort of like billowing cloak type thing. The sleep begins to
Timothy Sackton: well. How are you imagining the sleet is actually impacting this?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's, it's
Timothy Sackton: at the moment. It's just kind of drifting through the sleep on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfectly happy. I change it to what is it? And sorry walls of hail that are pushing it.
Mike Sackton: pounding it towards
Timothy Sackton: what is what is it it's like? I forget what it is. It's like a rock like a crystal that's like this big that's like floating on like a a folded up, billowing cloak at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: so that's the
Timothy Sackton: it. It stops moving, and it begins
Timothy Sackton: to glow and then burst into flames.
Mike Sackton: Hail us, dizzles and begins. So as as soon as the the fire starts to
Eric Rosenbaum: this is it starts to to flame a little bit.
Mike Sackton: This
Mike Sackton: huge, like Del, with kind of imagines. the hunter spirit right of Yazali. but shaped not like a physical bird, but like just this huge torrential bird
Mike Sackton: of water. So it's like a a dense
shape
Mike Sackton: lying on wings, diving like to just smother the flame, just coming like right out of the ground
Timothy Sackton: right into the sky like that's the
Timothy Sackton: as being towards it. Water bird begins to dive towards it, the flames go out, and for a minute it steams, and then
Timothy Sackton: it turns the eyes and pops up, floating on the surface of the bird, as the bird is diving down, is just floating along the back of this water bird. Okay, go guys next. And then a a big arching wall of flame comes up
Kate: on the other side, you know.
Kate: above the bird where it seems, and is like pushing it, you know a a wall moving down towards
Kate: between. keeping it between the
Kate: headed towards the bird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a stone in between a sandwich with it. Ice Bird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bird, Ice Fire. That's happening. Kenzo imagines a giant storm like another another. Oh, I guess what forces it doesn't matter. Yeah, it's. It's like a it's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an electrical a storm. But with like giant like boulders and rocks like kind of smashing it like this way
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the bowlers and rocks begin to smash and threaten to crack the ice. and as as it's being pushed up towards the fire by this bird
Timothy Sackton: it turns into a
Timothy Sackton: like a chunk of volcanic rock.
Timothy Sackton: begins just plummeting down through
Mike Sackton: the sur through the water. Go well. We go portable all the time.
Kate: and then we
UU Church of Boulder: to time it, so that it's a good surprise for that. But
UU Church of Boulder: Anna Crock and oh, no, I don't even need to do that
UU Church of Boulder: immediately below it is the port of a whole, with no distance between it's falling, and
Eric Rosenbaum: the is behind the portable hole as a catcher, just in case
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the scene.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the back
Timothy Sackton: unk.
Timothy Sackton: You hear the sound of rock hitting
Timothy Sackton: a truly enormous pile of coins.
UU Church of Boulder: I think all together. We imagine the whole closed.
Kate: Yes.
Mike Sackton: let's all imagine it back in Wellby's locket. Nice! That's where it belongs. That's where it should be right.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the the hole then vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: and the blackness
Timothy Sackton: stops like you. Open your eyes, and there's sunlight.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see
Timothy Sackton: the light streaming in
Timothy Sackton: through the surface through the big windows in the library.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: but lighting up the sort of rubble and and and everything sort of strewn around the
Timothy Sackton: the the it's. It's probably like early afternoon light at this, you know. At this point
Timothy Sackton: the 12 pillars you can see now in the in the sunlight are decorated with the sort of brilliant colors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: All you know, painted and painted or or or not really painted, but like mosaic, like chiseled with
Timothy Sackton: like inlay, like like dies sort of into the runes going up
Timothy Sackton: everybody else to make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 9
Mike Sackton: being
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you seem to be back in the library.
Kate: Does everybody feel okay.
Mike Sackton: well be. Can we look at your portable whole? Look at our
UU Church of Boulder: Let's make sure we're not in a dream first.
UU Church of Boulder: and let's take up the dream mirror
and put in a drop of blood
UU Church of Boulder: and make sure that there's nothing there. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's a good idea.
Mike Sackton: It's a very good idea.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, whose drop of blood. Are you putting in the dreamer
Mike Sackton: that it will prick his finger
Eric Rosenbaum: this
Timothy Sackton: So down with Prick's finger.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: drops a drop of blood in Well, you need you. who are some water out into the dream, or prick's finger. drops a drop of blood into the dream mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and you see.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you see the library.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll say loudly, You said you wouldn't hinder our leaving if we were able to get it.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no!
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're in the dream library again.
Eric Rosenbaum: or you?
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, no, yeah, that right? That's what that means. Right?
Mike Sackton: A trick at something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to read the pearl pillars again. I mean, have you ever tried to?
Kate: Oh, here
Mike Sackton: are the pillars the same.
Timothy Sackton: There seems to be a lot less detail than I mean you, especially the one on the
Timothy Sackton: on. The the technical details of the of the sky ship is hard to parse.
UU Church of Boulder: Well via said again Ladder, you said
UU Church of Boulder: you wouldn't hinder our leaving if we were able to get it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it so he did.
Kate: Yes, just have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might get
Timothy Sackton: There's there's no response from the voice.
Eric Rosenbaum: The I imagine.
Eric Rosenbaum: a portal
Eric Rosenbaum: just floating in the air, but like the size of the doorway. back to the real version of the library that looks like it looked when we left.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine a bowl of ice cream.
Timothy Sackton: You're in the library
Eric Rosenbaum: Not no ice cream.
Timothy Sackton: no ice cream appears
Eric Rosenbaum: there.
Kate: Worst dream world.
Mike Sackton: Oh. i'm gonna go look out the window.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, they're big windows right like I'll peer around a bit. Yeah Nice nice the sunny day.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the clouds drifting past
Timothy Sackton: the mountains stretching out, you know, in the distance beyond you the
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: you know the the peaks
Timothy Sackton: with snow the early early. Well, it's not really early season at this point. It's near almost the end of November snow closing the roads, you know. It looks
Timothy Sackton: quite pretty now that the sun is out.
Mike Sackton: I don't have to wait for a minute to get a kid into bed. But keep on, I do that. Have we seen this dean before in the daylight.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: We still have flying ladder right
Eric Rosenbaum: with I don't know if it's been an hour yet or not; but if it hasn't yes.
Kate: it's probably been more than an hour.
Timothy Sackton: The latter is no just a ladder. The latter is well. No, the latter is is still
Eric Rosenbaum: moving around. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's still animated. I don't know. Wait a minute, dream letter.
Kate: so I guess they did so. It still have its metals.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Kate: we but if we fly up the stairs with it.
Kate: because I don't want to climb those different things with their giant
Kate: chat size. Would we do? We do we find, do we? If we fly up with the latter? Do we see the like
Kate: remains of the battle with the or the melted puddles, or whatever does it look different up there, too?
Timothy Sackton: So you just fly. You fly up the stairs on the ladder.
Kate: Yeah, just to look at the level above
Timothy Sackton: you. You fly up.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: you see your campfire. and you see 5 sleeping figures. You 4 of you are like covered mostly covered in ice.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is not
Kate: well, because you're all hot-blooded, because you've been slurping that tasty freeze
Eric Rosenbaum: there's something different, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that part is a dream as well
Mike Sackton: is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it? Oh, no!
Kate: So if we, if we were sleeping ever since the Camp Fire, then we did never go down the stairs, so we didn't ever read the more complicated version of the instructions that we thought we read.
Kate: Now we're reading a fuzzy version of
Mike Sackton: something there must have been real because
Eric Rosenbaum: we're in the movie inception.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a tough thing to escape from isn't it?
Mike Sackton: That's why we're making constitution. Says we're slowly freezing to death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reveal Nice!
Kate: He didn't say everybody but Eric.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but that would be too obvious
you.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but
Mike Sackton: how do we get out
Eric Rosenbaum: City? I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm, Tim, what happens if I use a use crazy dream World key again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You mean you're one that gives you the ability to enter the dream world. So that's just entering. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Spanish won't help here because we're probably not on another dimension.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bodies are, or, if our bodies are there, I don't think, vanish, will banish us.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't reunite your spirit with your body. It just you have to physically be in the other plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weird
Mike Sackton: would be My, I mean, that's how I pretty sure. That's how i'd read it.
So
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a difference between like dreaming your way into the dream world and physically going into the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean can.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo has experienced this right. So the time the very first time you went to the dream, when you would know this the very first time you went to the dream of you.
Timothy Sackton: You left your body and you fault. You passed through the plane of consciousness. You entered the dream world, not by any sort of physical travel, but just by sort of projecting
Timothy Sackton: your spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Then, later, you actually physically traveled there via that
Timothy Sackton: ritual with the with with the Lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Right? Sorry we do.
Timothy Sackton: There we
Eric Rosenbaum: So both things are possible. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but banish only helps if we're physically there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it seems likely that the first thing is what happened.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate: we're projections somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you unproject? You just have to wake yourself up. How do you wake yourself up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the pain.
and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like stab yourself, hear yourself something
Timothy Sackton: I mean your bodies are right there.
Mike Sackton: Try waking our bodies up
Mike Sackton: right. I mean, what happens if we walk up and
Mike Sackton: crack, shake a body.
Kate: warm it up. Your own body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Is that what you're doing?
Kate: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you go up. You approach your the like camp. The fire is out.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you are, and and you approach your your
Timothy Sackton: seemingly sleeping body. That's that's now like frost forming on your on, you know, on your arms, and and where you're sort of wrapped in your cloak.
Timothy Sackton: And you what do you? What are you doing? Precisely.
Mike Sackton: hey? Wow! First i'm going to cast i'm gonna white the i'm gonna cast press the meditation and relight the campfire.
Timothy Sackton: It blazes to light.
Eric Rosenbaum: He
Mike Sackton: then i'm going to gently shake myself and see if it wakes me up.
Mike Sackton: where, if somehow touching myself, causes some terrible reaction. But then something
Timothy Sackton: vanishes
Eric Rosenbaum: which which one
Timothy Sackton: both of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: and well, whatever just happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe we should all try. It
Mike Sackton: Does telepathy still work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, good question.
Kate: We mentally cry out, hey! That is a good question. 1 s.
Timothy Sackton: No telepathy does not work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did the where to Del with go again?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, dear.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I
Eric Rosenbaum: I go in close without touching anyone. Yet how does Seeker look
Eric Rosenbaum: conscious, unconscious seeker? Looks like dreaming? Happily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: I try, like
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: laughing, or like coughing
Eric Rosenbaum: headed. Try to see if I can get my body to react The one that's sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to react
Eric Rosenbaum: The I try.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I reach out and
Eric Rosenbaum: touch my own nose. I mean the sleeping seeker's nose.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you touch you. I mean, are you trying to like, Wake yourself up, or are you just like
Eric Rosenbaum: your nose is like Pretty is not cold. It's like warm to the touch. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, then i'll. I'll sort of like shake myself a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: on the torso. My wake up.
Timothy Sackton: seeker vanishes.
The
Kate: Okay, vanishing. Seems like a good thing to do. Can so well be. What do you guys think we should just
Kate: wake ourselves up and vanish? Let's do it.
Kate: So we got you, you all. You all wake up.
Timothy Sackton: You see seeker just sitting up and deal with like is in the process of like piling warm clothes around you and
Timothy Sackton: has relit in the fire.
Timothy Sackton: Well be in Kenza. You both have taken 36 points of cold damage, and we can 40 points of cool damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And meanwhile
the seeker's like Gosh! It's warm. He's like taking off his socks. and
Mike Sackton: that might be a good time to take the bowl.
Mike Sackton: That was he'll take the bowl and prick his finger again and see if we see anything
Timothy Sackton: plain water.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Now let's see what is inside the port of a hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we made it.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: How'd you get out of the second lay of drinks.
Mike Sackton: tried to wake yourselves up.
Kate: We went back, up and up above the staircase. You saw your sleeping bodies.
Timothy Sackton: and just deal with, woke himself up and vanished, and then eventually everybody decided: oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: the phasing stone is at the bottom of the portable hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: We wake up. It was all a dream, and we're back in Chardon, deciding whether or not Yeah. maybe we should.
Kate: so that we go back down the stairs and look for the yeah. What's the state of the library? Is it still pitch black?
Timothy Sackton: No, it's it's light.
Timothy Sackton: not quite so bright as when you woke up.
UU Church of Boulder: How much time has passed? Has it only has it been less than one day or more?
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: late afternoon.
Mike Sackton: You don't know how to spend more than one day or not, Don't, we have the we should try to turn into the win.
UU Church of Boulder: Yes, you can turn into win, so it has been less than one day. Good call. We have a couple of magic items now to track time. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: We have the werewolf tracker thing right.
Timothy Sackton: That just says that you've got. You've got several magic items that tell you what phase of the moon it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and and the strand of hair that tells us if it's sunset in a particular place.
Kate: He
Eric Rosenbaum: very useful. It's it's it's powerful. It's part of a time tracker.
Timothy Sackton: but it seems to be like, say, 3 or 4 in the afternoon on the same day. So you still have.
Timothy Sackton: you know, a couple hours before, so maybe
Timothy Sackton: well, i'll say it's like 2 in the afternoon. Given that it's
Timothy Sackton: getting towards winter. The days are
Timothy Sackton: well. You're far enough south. The days aren't super short, so you probably have, like 2 or 3 h before sunset.
Timothy Sackton: So if you want to fly back today, you've got maybe an hour or 2 maximum in the library.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come in.
Mike Sackton: Let's make best use of our time.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: wait. We checked the hole for the facing stones in there. Okay. So the
Timothy Sackton: copying out the like detailed instructions for how to construct these channeling devices. To pilot the
Timothy Sackton: the skieship is
Timothy Sackton: is going to take, probably is going to take
Timothy Sackton: the seeker and down with
Timothy Sackton: an hour. If you want to make sure you get everything right and get all the technical details properly
Timothy Sackton: written in. Seeker's notebook.
Eric Rosenbaum: and you sort of both have to do it because deal with has to translate and seek us to interpret it as
Kate: so that leaves will be, and Kenzo and I to look for
Timothy Sackton: that gives the 3 of you the other 3 people time for whatever you want to do, do we? We were aware that there was a little book here, little book here. I can't remember what it was good for it. It was Craig's notes about the history of
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the skieship that crash. You know. We want that
UU Church of Boulder: absolutely.
Eric Rosenbaum: The vehicle is
Kate: with keeping an app for that in particular. Given that you have an hour to search. That's enough time that you can.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Divide the library into quadrants, and carefully, and, you know, go through every piece of rubble until you turn it up. So i'm not. You know you don't need enough to.
Timothy Sackton: and it's not a small thing. It's not a small thing right? So you you do. You do find this book. You find 2 other
Timothy Sackton: seemingly, and at at least not too badly damaged giant books. So 3 total books of roughly the size of this like four-ish foot size
Timothy Sackton: hook.
Timothy Sackton: One of them seems to be like a cookbook or a book on it's like a
Timothy Sackton: like a it's like a book on sort of hosting and entertaining it's like a combination of like recipes and
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it
Eric Rosenbaum: not so much etiquette, but but it's it's kind of like
Timothy Sackton: what it what it seems to be is like a collection of like
Timothy Sackton: like, what do you feed dwarves? What do you feed stone born? What do you feed humans like? How do you.
Timothy Sackton: you know, make you know, if you have visitors of
Timothy Sackton: all these other strange little tiny races like, how do you make them comfortable in your giant home.
Timothy Sackton: It's delightful.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's wonderful.
Timothy Sackton: Elves like to sit on little mushrooms like Don't expect to eat an entire leg of lamb that is the size of them.
Timothy Sackton: So there's that the then there's the there's the Book of Notes on the history of the skyship, and then the the last one
Timothy Sackton: is not, is is written. I mean the titles in giant, and deal with like takes a little bit of time from
Timothy Sackton: from the
Timothy Sackton: translating that he's doing. It seems to be a guest book.
Timothy Sackton: It's like a
Timothy Sackton: There's entries in all sorts of languages that are that are
Timothy Sackton: what it's what it seems to, and this one is the the recipe book, and the the notes are pretty intact. This one's
Timothy Sackton: much more damaged.
Timothy Sackton: Seems to have been like more, you more. It was like up in the main hall, and has, you know. much of the time, and was much more damaged, and you found it sort of almost as if it had like been tossed down the stand.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't want it so? Not so. Most many of the stories are not
Timothy Sackton: intact, but it seems to be
Timothy Sackton: like when people would come visit Ragh. I would
Timothy Sackton: ask them to write something about who they are and
Timothy Sackton: where they came from, and it's just a collection of these sorts of anecdotes.
Kate: The cabin log.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, basically, that's exactly what it is.
Timothy Sackton: So you find you collect those 3 giant books and put them
Timothy Sackton: for later study in the portable hole and get your translation of the
Timothy Sackton: your translation of the Pill of the central pillar. But you, don't. you don't really have time to translate any of the other pillars. If you want to get back
Timothy Sackton: before sunset is, you can see the sun already dripping low in the sky, and Raulgar never really explained what would happen if you were still flying as clouds when the sun set. And you're not exactly tempted to risk it.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you are tempted to risk it. No, no, no.
UU Church of Boulder: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: an hour, an hour and a half before sunset you pack up and you shift into clouds.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: Only you know 7 h having passed since you woke up this morning and said goodbye to for Allgar.
Timothy Sackton: You fly back across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: landing in the ruins of the skyship.
Timothy Sackton: turning back into your forms as the sun begins to sat with
Timothy Sackton: instructions.
Timothy Sackton: There are some materials that I mean you need. You need. You'll need to construct this complicated
Timothy Sackton: tuning device which might take money or time or both.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Timothy Sackton: But you have.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Well, well dealt with, was. you know, helping, seek or translate this and write this out. You
Timothy Sackton: you know you had the sense, you you
Timothy Sackton: you you you were able to sort of make sense of it, seeker. And and
Timothy Sackton: really what you need is is, basically
Timothy Sackton: you know, a few different.
Timothy Sackton: The you know metals, and you need time to it's really the shape of the
Timothy Sackton: device that requires some care and attention, so will take some time to
Timothy Sackton: construct. But you're pretty. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You and rizman are both pretty skilled.
Timothy Sackton: Smith, and it doesn't feel like outside of your scale. If you can get the raw materials
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Mike Sackton: so it's a
Timothy Sackton: what we we have a skyship now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Time to go bomb garage right?
Timothy Sackton: So as you settle in for the evening, I I think
Timothy Sackton: this is a good place to stop. People are, you know, tired, but
Timothy Sackton: realizing that over the next couple of days you'll need to. you know. Get them. This is, you know you're probably gonna need 3 or 4 days to
Timothy Sackton: construct this.
Timothy Sackton: and I think we'll we'll pick up with the
Timothy Sackton: preparing the skyship and flying off to your next destination next session. But remember also you
Timothy Sackton: again, I don't want to do like lore stuff, as everybody has fall asleep at the end of the session. But remember.
Timothy Sackton: You had also wanted to send letters to people or messages to try and get more information about things.
Timothy Sackton: so well. we'll pick that up next time, too.
Kate: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Kong, Wait, Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Just got a message from
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's computer day. I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: I'll gonna wait for him to be during.
Timothy Sackton: Hey? Kong.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no problem. We are just I I don't don't remember when you dropped off. But we're just now that you've made it safely back.
Timothy Sackton: just reminding you that you had
Timothy Sackton: disgust, and we'll. We'll do this next session because everybody's tired. So you don't want to do a bunch of lower stuff right when everybody is falling asleep. But before you repair that while you're repairing the skyship, and
Timothy Sackton: before you go off the bomb garage you had discussed sending messages and trying to get some research from
Timothy Sackton: people. So let's
Timothy Sackton: So if you want to do that, let's do that. Figure out what you're gonna send out and who you're gonna contact and stuff for the beginning of next session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sorry guys.
Kate: we're going to discuss whether we're bombing garage or flying to the nearest volcano to destroy the scepter. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are we going to the Circle Island?
Timothy Sackton: Actually that, too. Well, I guess you gotta discuss your destination, too. Then
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Mike Sackton: I think we gotta go stop crash before he gets the cloak.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we might want to destroy the sceptre first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, drop it in a volcano. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we had this whole like, maybe bringing the scepter in the cloak together as a bad idea. Yeah, yeah, Like volcanoing, the sceptre is certainly appealing.
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe they balance each other out, though, and once you combine all of them, you have mastery over them.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, actually, it would be kind of useful if you could decide how? Because I don't want to have to prep.
Kate: which is
Timothy Sackton: destroying the sceptre
Eric Rosenbaum: flying off. This is the downside to giving you a flying castle. We can decide these things now.
Mike Sackton: I I would say, actually. there's some volcanoes nearby right. ish?
Kate: Oh, that's
Kate: isn't it like 2,000 miles south of a sea East!
Mike Sackton: Oh, in the nevertheless. There's all kinds of cool stuff over there, but I just Cosmos is going to get to garage.
Mike Sackton: and that's gonna be bad. They're gonna team up and kind of get more powerful, and it's gonna be harder to kill, and we have to hunt down and destroy him for his evilness.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's about. They both in the same place.
Timothy Sackton: say 1,200 miles to
Mike Sackton: do. We have any idea how fast this airship moves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, we just read the recent user manual.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we read the we should have some idea, right?
Timothy Sackton: So it depends on how skilled the pilot is.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, you can't. You can't expect it to move incredibly fast when you first get it working.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: as seeker gains experience, it will probably go faster. I haven't actually decided exactly how fast it is going to go. But
Timothy Sackton: I would expect something like drive, no pressure. Okay, a 100 miles a day or 150 miles a day to start
Timothy Sackton: with the idea that it could get quicker as you get
Timothy Sackton: better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But how fast can kenza drive? It went fly when he's like drunk, so like drunk flying twice as fast in a random direction.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll take that
Mike Sackton: straight down random direction in 3 dimensions.
Timothy Sackton: So you know, do you think, Cross? How do you think it crashed? In the first place? Right?
Timothy Sackton: A drunk monk was flying it.
Timothy Sackton: Hey? You know drunk monk is a is a it's a fighting art, so
Mike Sackton: it's awesome, and it's also a Christian flying style. Th there might have been some. What? When we're close to garage, we'll get cancer drug and put it with the how about the airship? And we'll see what drunk it monk is? Is the alternate style? How we're going to be to poly on. So just so, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: very dangerous to
Timothy Sackton: rank, was only 1,200 miles away.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta go there.
Timothy Sackton: I I heard the volcano was closed, so we should just do the garage thing first.
Timothy Sackton: The volcano
Timothy Sackton: the never see is, like, you know, between a 1,000 and
Timothy Sackton: 1,400 miles away. Oh, so the volcano is far away. So that's where the volcano is. There was. There was also volcanoes up by
Mike Sackton: the northern plains right that string of volcanoes north of Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's much further away now. Well, we have to go there to find rise the other piece of rye.
Timothy Sackton: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are we going to fly the other piece? Right? There was another jade piece in Ersk.
Timothy Sackton: one of those. It's it's like off the map. One of the one other places that well be
Timothy Sackton: learned about when he was in the eastern edge of the green.
Timothy Sackton: That's like a two-week journey, even in the airship
UU Church of Boulder: rush is on our way there. But when we say, do the garage thing like.
Mike Sackton: what? What does that actually mean, though? Okay, here's the thing we do. Here's the
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, instead of going to fight garage, we could just go.
UU Church of Boulder: We could just go try to find Cadmus and just go fight them. Just go kill him from the airship. We can just hunt down Cadmus like the vicious killers we are. Well, we would love that actually, like he bears some serious grudge on this that team
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean more so than garage. They have
Eric Rosenbaum: threatened our lives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Garage sent like some shadow creatures against us or something. Yeah, that was fast, though.
Timothy Sackton: No, gosh! I also did. That's true.
Mike Sackton: They killed a few monks. The other thing we could do is we could race ahead of garage to the good Orcs
Mike Sackton: and help them beat crush
Eric Rosenbaum: by loading everybody up onto the castle with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, they'd have an air force
Mike Sackton: right right like there's definitely a way to make that useful, and we could kill Cadmus on the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. So we're gonna have our own Arc army. But we need some way to lead them.
Timothy Sackton: We have a set there.
Eric Rosenbaum: so i'm talking about.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we need to get to garage. I think we need to get the.
UU Church of Boulder: Is it a ring that he has?
Eric Rosenbaum: I? Unfortunately, that does. I think you're probably right, and if we can kill Cadmus on the way great
Mike Sackton: if we can. If not
Mike Sackton: not, and I think we should. We should head towards crash and see what we can see, what we can learn about the situation there, and
Mike Sackton: how we might label it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know where a Polyon is? Physically.
Timothy Sackton: as far as you know, he's still in drank, or
Mike Sackton: he's probably actually on the Circle Island.
Mike Sackton: I mean that one says like layer when he was still alive. But we can't go to the Circle Island until we have to be higher level.
Eric Rosenbaum: The reason i'm asking is because we want to go. We don't want to be anywhere. We don't want to bring the sceptre to a poly on like we don't. That's what we don't want to do. That's an important
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that's what I was saying. If if he was near garage, then we should not go to
Mike Sackton: it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, although the idea of going and destroying the scepter before we head towards garage has some merit.
Mike Sackton: I just think that we're going to write a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, like he's on the march. Yeah, I thought it was closer. Sorry.
Kate: So then it's the question of
Eric Rosenbaum: Orcs first, or going direct. which i'm not sure if. like, do we have any strategy
Eric Rosenbaum: either way that we think what works. I think we have to await events a little bit right like
Mike Sackton: I. We don't know where garage is. We don't know where the orcs like I
Timothy Sackton: that's enough for me.
Mike Sackton: We're going east. We'll go East like we we want to scry. We want to like, ask the gods like Yes, no questions like, Are we in to go to the Us like we'll do some stuff
Mike Sackton: to figure out the best option. But from a prep standpoint we're heading east with the goal of
Mike Sackton: possibly going to the oryx, possibly going to garage, possibly killing cap most.
UU Church of Boulder: I I feel like there's this complicated moral dilemma about going into the Orcs, though, because we need to destroy the cloak. Virtual destroying the cloak will mean they will go back to being regular, old, destructive. Yeah, evil.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we need to destroy the cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you just need to take the cloak?
Kate: No, that would. Still, I mean, if we destroy the other 2. Is it actually terrible for the quote to still be out. I I i'm not sure.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, in fairness we don't know why, like.
UU Church of Boulder: Why are all these items like we don't know what happens when you put them all together like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we we don't even really know why we are seeking the items. Exactly. We do. We do. We totally do because of poly on it's trying to fucking like become the new master again, I know. But what do these artifacts have to do with the no more like? You do know that that
Timothy Sackton: a polyon's goal was to Napoleon, wanted to
Timothy Sackton: become like the new god of the humans, and, like the humans, be the and needed
Timothy Sackton: needed these items to do that right like you need to be shielded from the divine.
Timothy Sackton: He had to command his armies
Eric Rosenbaum: now that you put it that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: but he failed, shielded from the divine control death and control his armies.
Eric Rosenbaum: See the wheels turn in and seeker's, mind.
Kate: I don't like it. If the red stone shields me from the divine. It's a blue stone control death.
Kate: I just eat the yellow. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, this sounds connected to that bad stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, okay, guys. So you're going East. I'll prep the car, sand, garage, orcs instead of me, which I had to prep like way early. When you decide to go randomly East for no particular reason. Well, not for lots and good reasons, actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: and almost all died.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you are pretty smart. Actually. You never! You didn't even attempt to actually hunt down. Gosh, no, no, no! We knew that would be insane, Unlike now, when we're gonna confront him or twice the level we were at that. You are like level 5. Then you're like level 11 now. Yeah. What could possibly go wrong?
UU Church of Boulder: And I know the ring that we have resident. It's like.
UU Church of Boulder: Why do we think we have any hope whatsoever
Eric Rosenbaum: and like? But
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll talk about it on the way over. It'll be 5.